Goro
Goro is a 4,000 year old half-human dragon man, the prince of the Shokan, and one of the original characters debuting in the first Mortal Kombat arcade game as the sub-boss, and later appeared as the sub-boss of Mortal Kombat 4, however only on home consoles. He first became playable in the Game Boy port of Mortal Kombat. He appeared as a four-armed Shokan warrior who had been the champion of the Mortal Kombat tournament for nine generations, remaining undefeated for 500 years. Goro is among Shao Kahn's favorite warriors and is well known for his power and brutality. Goro helped the emperor grow closer to dominating Earthrealm, but he lost at the tenth while fighting against Liu Kang, who later defeated the sorcerer Shang Tsung. 
Goro is one of the most powerful warriors in the history of Mortal Kombat, being able to win 9 consecutive Mortal Kombat tournaments, as well as defeating the Great Kung Lao in his first tournament - which Shang Tsung, in his younger form, couldn't do. He also served as commander of Outworld's armies, crushing rebellions and aiding in the conquest of many new realms for the Emperor. Goro's fighting style always revolved around taking advantage of his brute strength and surprising agility. In the early games, Goro was an imbalanced character. All of his moves did far more damage than all of the other characters, and because of that, he was notoriously difficult to defeat in the first game. In the 3D games, he was toned down to make him more balanced. His current depiction is being powerful, but slow. Goro is associated with the element of Fire. Like Kintaro, he could either project fireballs either from his mouth or his hands. In Shaolin Monks, he was able to shoot one fireball from each hand. He could also manipulate fire in his hands if he needed to attack using them. 

Johnny Cage
Initially, Johnny Cage was a struggling Hollywood action movie star who sought to revitalize his career and reputation. He entered the Mortal Kombat tournament for the sole purpose of displaying his fighting skills and proving himself to skeptical film critics, as they believed Cage was nothing more than an actor who relied too much on stunts and camera work, and was not really a proficient fighter. Eventually, he would become one of the most important defenders of Earthrealm. Despite his materialism, airheadedness, and occasional immaturity, Cage is a brave and loyal warrior, although his antics frequently annoy his allies. For this reason, fans consider him to be the series' foremost comic relief character.  Johnny matures considerably by the time of Mortal Kombat X, losing much of his earlier arrogance and airheadedness. In the process, he becomes a more rounded and serious character, although his penchant for humor remains mostly intact. He maintains this persona in Mortal Kombat 11, complemented by the additional presence of his past self, who shares his former cockiness and brash traits. In the Aftermath expansion, a past Johnny Cage becomes serious during his confrontations with Sindel and Shao Kahn. 
Despite his air-headed and superficial demeanor, Johnny Cage is a strong and agile warrior, showing an excellent fighting technique during battle. After long periods of training with various masters of martial arts, Cage himself has acquired mastery of several fighting styles, such as the famous Karate. He is also trained in the use of firearms and military equipment ranging from pistols to armored tanks. Although Cage is a human being, he possesses superhuman powers. According to MK 2011, Johnny descended from a Mediterranean cult that bred warriors for the gods: warriors with special abilities. One of these is the ability to propel himself forward and increase the strength of his blows. When Cage uses this power, afterimages of a green color are produced. Cage can augment the power of these shadow attacks, which are represented by afterimages of a red color. In addition to these physical shadow abilities, Cage also has the ability to launch blasts of energy. As shown in the Story Mode of Mortal Kombat X, Cage can also harness this energy and encase his body with it, strong enough to withstand a death blow from Shinnok without receiving any injury to his person. This energy was also potent enough to allow him to fight on equal terms with the Elder God. Raiden theorized that this power can only come about when the want arises to protect a loved one from imminent danger. Cage is one of the few kombatants to utilize unorthodox tactics alongside Erron Black. Similar to the enemy gunslinger, he utilizes odd weaponry such as a camera that emits flashes of light that disorients others and a pair of explosive sunglasses. He has a tendency to implement Hollywood inspired attacks into his fighting styles, such as creating clones known as Stunt Doubles (he uses actual stunt doubles in later installments) to attack his enemies and using props as deadly weapons. Cage is also infamous for his signature "Nut Punch" attack, which he proudly flaunts for its effectiveness despite the condemnation of those around him. 

Kano
As a mercenary and leader of the international crime cartel known as the Black Dragon, Kano rises beyond mere brutality and aggression by also being sly and cunning. Originally from Australia, Kano is highly opportunistic and incredibly selfish, willing to betray his own realm and even his own allies for money or personal gain. As a result, he quickly became part of Shao Kahn's inner circle, and eventually the general of Outworld's armies (in the original timeline). One of his more notable features is his facetious and twisted sense of humor, almost always making light of dire circumstances. His vulgarity is an additional outlier among other characters, most evident by his penchant for callously spitting, drinking and urinating wherever he pleases. His assortment of dirty fighting tactics also compliments his unpleasant personality. He combines features of a cowardly minion, a lone survivor, a crazed madman, and a ruthless commander. He is despised by the majority of other characters in the series for his selfish, untrustworthy nature, complete lack of morals, and overall crudeness. However, he seems to enjoy the fact that he is hated, even viewing it as a source of pride. He is the archenemy of Sonya Blade, who is obsessed with finding and bringing Kano to justice. A portion of Kano's face is covered with a metal plate, the result of a disfiguring injury he sustained at the hands of Jax prior to the events of the series, with the plated eye being a glowing red orb capable of emitting laser beams. Since Deadly Alliance, he speaks with an Australian accent and makes regular use of Aussie idioms and slang. 
Kano isn't the most disciplined fighter but has proven himself to be a formidable hand-to-hand combatant, having received extensive training in Street Fighting, Military Combat and has trained under the Martial Arts of Xing Yi, Aikido, but tends to resort to more of a Street Brawler style of fighting. He is not above utilizing underhanded tactics to get the upper hand in a fight. Kano is an opportunistic fighter and tends to engage in fights when it best suits him, but if challenged directly he will not shy away from the challenge. What he lacks in discipline (finesse & footwork), he makes up for it by being extremely adept in combat and has proven to be a challenge for even the more skilled fighters. What differentiates Kano from his opponents, however, is his dependence on Weapons/Technology rather than Special Powers. He is highly proficient at using knives in combat and often carries multiple bladed weapons on him at once. He has a signature pair of knives he uses in combat, whether they are thrown at the opponent or uses them in hand-to-hand combat. In addition to his fighting skills, Kano has been outfitted with cybernetic enhancements throughout his body, most notably his Cybernetic Eye which can emit a laser beam. His other enhancements help boost his power in combat. Although Kano depends mostly on Weapons/Technology rather than special moves, he does have a Special Ability to tuck himself into a "Cannonball" and propel himself toward his opponents knocking them down. This has been a signature move of his since the first game. Also, several of his finishers involve him ripping vital organs (or sometimes entire skeletons) out of the opponent's body. Along with the elder Sub-Zero's Spine Rip Fatality, Kano's Heart Rip helped Mortal Kombat garner significant controversy over its violence factor. As of Mortal Kombat X, Kano's cybernetics have been upgraded and extended through his entire body. This includes a cybernetic "heart" similar to Hsu Hao, which serves as a booster to his cybernetic enhancements. He now uses thermal grenades as part of his already deadly arsenal. 

Liu Kang
Liu Kang is one of the most popular and accessible characters in the series. He is one of Earthrealm's greatest warriors, having defeated many to prove his valor. Throughout the series, he has been gradually portrayed as the main hero, becoming champion after the first Mortal Kombat tournament. Liu Kang has found a nemesis in the traitorous Shang Tsung, a sorcerer who he has defeated on numerous occasions. He is often considered the greatest threat to the plans of Shang and his emperor, Shao Kahn. He is a member of the White Lotus Society and trains extensively at the Wu Shi Academy. It was at the Academy that he was murdered by a Deadly Alliance of Shang with Quan Chi. In the first entry in the series, Liu Kang was shown to be non-violent, in that his finisher did not graphically kill the opponent. Starting with Mortal Kombat II, however, all of his Fatalities were more gruesome. His body was resurrected without his spirit in Mortal Kombat: Deception. This physical half killed hundreds of innocent people, with the skills he refined to protect them while he was alive. Liu Kang retained his personality as a zombie, as he still had his trademark yells. A notable exception is the intro of Armageddon, where he groans like a recognizable zombie. Liu Kang is referred to as the "Immortal Champion of Mortal Kombat" in later games, and his ending in Mortal Kombat: Deception has him again assuming the role upon his restoration to life. 
Liu Kang has proven himself to be one of the most powerful characters in the series' span, emerging victorious from every Mortal Kombat tournament he's been involved in. Liu Kang possesses incredible agility, acrobatic skill and martial arts, though the latter is more common. These skills were developed during his training with Bo' Rai Cho, who also taught Kang the Flying Kick technique. It is suggested that Kang meditates regularly in order to keep increasing strength as well as maintain it. Due to his recurring status as the Mortal Kombat champion, Liu Kang hardly seems to age. Liu Kang is commonly associated with the element of fire, which comes in the form of shooting firebound projectiles. He appears to have some degree of control over it as the fireballs sometimes form dragon head-like shapes, and has even used the element for finishers as well. Kang also appears to possess a degree of shapeshifting, able to transform himself into a Chinese dragon which includes a serpentine body with small arms. In Shaolin Monks, the form is also revealed to have fire-breathing capabilities, most likely associated with his ability to use fire. Besides his fiery projectiles, he has other abilities related to the element. He can also ignite his limbs on fire to add fire damage to his attacks and teleport in a burst of flames. Liu Kang can also steal what appears to be a person's energy and convert it into a fireball. In MK11, Liu Kang's wraith has assimilated and mastered his former sire Shinnok's mysticism to bolster his own fighting abilities. Having used it to steal his past self's soul in order to strengthen himself even further. He also has the ability to summon and control a massive winged dragon of fire to assist him in combat. In MKX, Liu Kang is shown to be able to manipulate his Yin and Yang energies through the Dualist variation, firing searing hot blasts of light in his Yin state along with healing properties while firing dark energy blasts and strengthening himself through his Yang state. He is also shown firing these dark projectiles in the game's Story Mode. As a reanimated corpse, Liu Kang is incapable of human speech but still retains all of his combat knowledge. He can shrug off lethal blows such as a broken neck and can no longer feel any pain inflicted on him. His zombie physiology allows him to quickly recover from lethal injuries and freely twist and contort his body whilst in combat. He wields two Houan chains that can quickly age people to death if they are caught by its hooks. In MK11, it is revealed that Kronika fears his power alongside Raiden's and thus manipulated the timelines to force the two to fight against each other. Her fears are fully realized when Raiden merges his own essence with Liu Kang's past and present selves, turning him into a Fire God. With this merger, Liu Kang's powers are boosted exponentially, taking down an entire legion of Netherrealm demons in one fell swoop by simply dive-bombing and creating a massive explosion on impact. He has also inherited Raiden's command over lightning and thunder as well as the abilities to create portals and fly. His power and skill are so much that he is able to best the Elder God Cetrion in single kombat and later defeat Kronika, whose power eclipses that of the Elder Gods, cementing him as one of the most powerful kombatants in the entire franchise. He is also the only person not affected by the full power of the Hourglass even as it was rewinding time back to the prehistoric era. 

Noob Saibot
Before his death, Bi-Han was the original Sub-Zero, one of the most powerful and devout warriors of the Lin Kuei clan. While essentially neutral, he was a cold-blooded, vicious assassin whose soul had become corrupted from years of violence and remorseless killing. At the end of the first Mortal Kombat tournament, Bi-Han was murdered by Scorpion in retaliation for his own death at the cryomancer's hands. He then descended to the fifth plane of the Netherrealm where he was resurrected by the sorcerer Quan Chi who had earlier resurrected Scorpion. The evil within his soul was released by stripping him of pride, compassion, and everything else that made him human. Reborn in the Netherrealm, Noob Saibot is the very incarnation of evil. He desires not only to remain in the Netherrealm, but to conquer and rule it. Although he has been seen in the service of evil warlords such as Shinnok and Shao Kahn, his ultimate allegiance is to himself. 
When he was still the Cryomancer Sub-Zero, Bi-Han possessed incredible control over the element of ice. He could easily deep freeze opponents with temperatures of -500° Fahrenheit [3] (which surpasses even absolute zero) to the point of them becoming brittle enough to shatter into pieces. He was able to flash-freeze opponents with a single touch and had the ability to freeze the air in a large area around him by concentrating all of his power into one destructive blast. His powers were similar, if not superior, to his younger brother's cryomancy. Like his brother, he could create ice weapons when taking the offensive (swords, daggers, spikes, orbs, etc.) and ice constructs when switching to a more defensive style (clones, traps, and armor). His transformation to the wraith Noob Saibot did not immediately grant him new abilities; his first appearance in Mortal Kombat II had him borrow moves from other ninjas. It wouldn't be until Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 that Noob fully came into his own, harnessing the powers of darkness and shadow against his foes.  Noob displays a mastery over the powers of darkness and is able to turn invisible, create weapon constructs, and summon a shadow clone of himself to assist in battle. This allows him to overwhelm opponents who fight on their own. His clone was replaced by Cyber Smoke in Mortal Kombat: Deception, who had a similar role in combat but had his own set of powers and could summon Noob when needed. In the latest installment, he can duplicate and teleport to his shadow clone for an advantage in numbers and mobility respectively. The clone can also be summoned inside live opponents to bypass external defenses by pouring dark energy into them, tearing them apart from the inside. Like most ninjas, Noob has the ability to teleport. In older games, his teleportation required the use of dark portals which he could also use on unlucky opponents who were caught in them. His usage of teleportation and portals was expanded on in Mortal Kombat (2011) and in Mortal Kombat 11. He could turn into liquid and reform elsewhere, use portals to reposition himself or his opponent, and even kill by crushing and disintegrating those who are caught in his portal. Noob honed his bunshin techniques as well; summoning multiple clones to restrain enemies. He used such techniques upon Jax and Jacqui when they returned to Shang Tsung's Island to retrieve the crown. His weapons of choice are shurikens. He initially was to have these weapons, along with a scythe, in Mortal Kombat 4, but was replaced with Reiko. However, he begins using such weapons in Mortal Kombat: Deception. He also utilizes a sickle as his main weapon in Mortal Kombat 11. In his current form as a Wraith, Noob possesses a degree of immortality. This was demonstrated when he survived being thrown into the Soulnado by Nightwolf. Noob was able to withstand the vortex and absorb the souls swirling around it, using them to fuel his power. In addition, the sickle he wields is lodged into his heart, but he appears to be unaffected as the weapon is frequently sheathed and unsheathed. 

Raiden
Raiden is the eternal God of Thunder, protector of Earthrealm, and arguably one of the most powerful characters in all of Mortal Kombat. After the second defeat of Shinnok, he ascended to the status of Elder God. As a result of his divine nature, he possesses many supernatural abilities, such as the ability to teleport, control lightning, and fly. He is also more prone to thinking in terms of eternity rather than normal human lifespans, and has a radically different outlook on life.  Throughout the series, Raiden has served as a mentor and father figure to Earthrealm's champions, especially Liu Kang and Kung Lao. As Earthrealm's protector, he harbors an intense hatred for Shang Tsung, Shao Kahn, Shinnok, and anyone who would pose a threat to Earth. In the ending of Mortal Kombat X's Story Mode and seen in Mortal Kombat 11, Raiden now assumes his corrupted form similar to that of his counterpart in the Original Timeline. His outlook on Earthrealm's protection drastically changes, where he lashes out at anyone he deems a threat to Earthrealm, even leading a full on invasion of the Netherrealm to destroy Shinnok's Bone Temple and cripple Revenant Liu Kang and Kitana's forces, showing little to no mercy for his former allies, even caring little about of the death of Sonya Blade, who sacrificed herself during the invasion. When Kronika erases this incarnation of Raiden from the timeline as a result of his defeat of Shinnok and her merging the timelines, his past incarnation is left to learn of his corruption and stop Kronika's plans of restarting the timeline, vowing never to walk the path of his future self. 
Raiden is the god of thunder and lightning and, as such, he is immensely powerful and has complete control over electricity. Raiden's movements in combat are stated to be as fast as lightning in the Konquest Mode's lore in Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance. He can summon lightning bolts with a thought, project electricity from his hands that can paralyze, incapacitate, kill, or force an opponent's body to move wherever he chooses, create forcefields and blades made of electricity, summon electric orbs that act as shocking traps, use electricity in conjunction with telekinesis to move objects without physically touching them, form massive thunderstorms that shapes the weather and channel electricity through his limbs to strengthen his strikes. He usually keeps behind the scenes in the games and rarely fights, although one notable exception was in Deception, where he fought both Quan Chi and Shang Tsung, and was able to hold his own for most of the fight. Raiden has a plethora of other abilities that are not suited for combat such as creation of interrealm portals, project blinding light from his eyes, raise fallen beings from the dead, take flight and summoning objects such as ships as shown in Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance. The thunder god is gifted with foresight, and has the ability to see the future in his dreams or simply viewing it in his mind. His precognition can be enhanced by Kamidogu daggers infused Blood Magik, although this prevents his wounds from healing for a while once he has slit himself with the dagger. He has a degree of enhanced senses as he can track energy signatures and locate the presence of others, preventing stealth attempts on him or simply finding someone who is lost. In Mortal Kombat (2011), it is shown that he can also use electricity to heal and resurrect others. He also has the ability to teleport to another destination by transforming his body into an ethereal state. Despite his godly status, he is not indestructible and has limits. Raiden, like any other god, will have his powers taken away should he enter a domain not native to him, with Outworld being the most prominent example of this. His powers can return to him once he returns however. It is also because of his godly status that he is forbidden to directly participate in any Mortal Kombat tournaments unless he takes on a mortal form.  It should be noted that even without his godly power, Raiden has a millennia of experience coupled with knowledge on 750 forms of Jujitsu and three other martial arts and is not to be taken lightly, even in mortal form. He is well versed in the art of Bojutsu, the art of wielding the bō staff in combat. Throughout the years, Raiden has consistently carried his trusty staff with him through the years, although he has wielded other weapons such as warhammers. 

Reptile
Reptile is a green garbed, humanoid reptilian creature that embodies the archetype of the unhappy underling. Said to be physically hideous and repulsive, he is renowned for his great stealth and unquestioning loyalty. Unlike many other henchmen, Reptile does not strive for power, nor is he inherently evil. He is caught in a delusional state of mind, obsessed with finding the last remaining member of his race, or freeing his homeworld of Zaterra from Outworld's grasp. Thus, he always remains loyal to Shao Kahn, only obeying other masters to survive and reach his goal of returning Zaterra to its former glory. While well-meaning and sincere, his obsession is so important to him that it causes him temporary fits of insanity. After Shao Kahn's death, his allegiance switches to over to Kotal Kahn, helping him to claim the throne from Mileena, whose rule he is displeased with. Reptile was hidden in the first Mortal Kombat game and thus holds the distinction of being the very first secret character to appear in a versus fighting game. Before battles with an opponent he would make his appearance and jump in the middle of the screen in a Sub-Zero win pose. Above his head would be clues on how to find him, such as "Look to la luna" ("the moon" in Spanish or Italian and hinting The Pit stage), "Alone is how to find me" (denoting that he is only unlockable in single player mode), "Perfection is the key" (directing towards the double Flawless victory), or "Tip eht fo mottob" ("Bottom of The Pit" spelled backward). Once in a while he will say "I am Reptile, find me!". This concept was repeated with Smoke and Jade in Mortal Kombat II and Khameleon in Mortal Kombat Trilogy. He was a merge between the original Sub-Zero and Scorpion characters, capable of using both of their moves. Mortal Kombat co-creators John Tobias and Ed Boon admitted in an interview that the "birth" of Reptile was when they took Sub-Zero and Scorpion and fused the two into one and colored him green (yellow + blue = green). They christened this character "Reptile" due to his green color and their reference to lizards. While he wasn't given a lot of character depth at the time, he was worked on before the release of Mortal Kombat II. Reptile returned for the second tournament with his own special moves, available from the outset. It is not quite clear how old Reptile is. Estimates run in the tens of thousands of years or even millions. What is known, however, is that the Earthrealm was nearly destroyed by a battle between the gods millions of years ago. Reptile's race of raptors, or Saurians, escaped to another realm, Zaterra, where it was then invaded and annexed by Outworld's emperor, Shao Kahn. As was the usual process for Kahn conquering another world, most of the Zaterrans were killed in the ensuing battles, only leaving a handful of people left. Among those, or among those descended from these survivors, was Reptile. Unlike the others of his kind, who were forced into slavery, Reptile was trained to be a servant of both Shao Kahn and Shang Tsung. 
At his debut, Reptile's powers were borrowed from the cryomancer descendant, Sub-Zero, and the hellfire specter, Scorpion. By the time of MKII, he is given his own powers (albeit they shared slight similarity to Sub-Zero's, like his power slide and force ball). Reptile appears to take abilities from several reptilian creatures. As a Saurian, Reptile remains mostly human in appearance. However, similar to Scorpion concealing a flaming skull, Reptile's mask and the skin behind it are merely a thorough guise to his true lizard form. Furthermore, he appears to remove his mask more often than Scorpion. His saliva is composed of powerful, corrosive fluids that can easily burn right through steel, much like acid. He also can fire concussive blasts of homing energy. Reptile's distinguishing trait is his ability to render himself completely invisible. As revealed in one piece of art for Deadly Alliance, a Saurian's appearance is human-like for the most part. However, the longer they are separated from one another, the more their human guises degrade and vanish over time until their true forms are revealed. The change is more than skin deep as it also can affect the mind as well. Saurians who lose their disguises completely will begin to regress into primal fits of blind rage, attacking both friend and foe. As shown in the Mortal Kombat X comics, Reptile can render anyone in an area invisible, as he managed to sneak himself, D'Vorah, Ferra and Torr behind Red Dragon soldiers body guarding Goro, allowing a surprise attack. In MKX, Reptile's Noxious variation makes him exhale a green poisonous gas from his body, which damages the opponent if him/her simply stands close to him. In the Nimble variation he gains the ability to move and attack at incredibly fast speeds, much like some sorts of lizards. 

Scorpion
It is known that his father, a former member of the Shirai Ryu, forbade his son from joining the clan, as he did not wish for his son to live the life of an assassin. However, Hanzo joined in spite of his father's wishes in order to provide his wife Harumi and son Satoshi with a comfortable life.  After he and his clan are exterminated, Scorpion reappears as a hell-spawned Spectre, inexorably seeking vengeance against those responsible for the destruction of his family and clan. As a result of Quan Chi's manipulation, he initially believes Bi-Han, a ninja from the rival Lin Kuei clan and the original Sub-Zero, to be responsible for the massacre. He confronts and kills Bi-Han at the first tournament, inadvertently spawning the undead wraith Noob Saibot. He wouldn't learn until much later that it was Quan Chi, not Bi-Han, who committed the genocide, to which he responded by torturing Quan Chi in the Netherrealm in the original timeline. In the second timeline, he would get his revenge after being restored to his human form, eventually tracking Quan Chi down and executing him.   In most early Mortal Kombat media, due in large part to his sinister and malevolent appearance, Scorpion is typecast in a villainous role. As such, he has had many incursions with the forces of good. However, he is not actually evil. He joins the forces of evil only when promised a means of resurrecting his clan on Earth, or the chance to inflict his wrath against those who butchered them. Although he is featured alongside the Forces of Darkness in the opening scene of Mortal Kombat: Armageddon, he remains officially neutral because of his fierce hatred for Quan Chi.  In more recent MK media (the second timeline in particular), Scorpion is portrayed in a more heroic light, and is perceived by fans to be the title's foremost anti-hero. He undertakes actions that benefit the forces of good, albeit in his own gruesome and vigilante manner. His attitude, appearance, and self-reliance have all contributed to his popularity. Compared to the purely virtuous "good guys", and the diabolically evil "bad guys", Scorpion's moral ambiguity is unique. When his mask is on, Scorpion mostly resembles an ordinary human. The only recognizable differences are the demonic inflection in his voice, his glowing and pupilless white eyes, and his ability to emit (as well as withstand) fire. Removing his mask reveals a human skull, oftentimes ablaze. Scorpion's most popular and recognized skill is his famous spear attack, which is used to pull an opponent toward him. This attack will also stun the opponent for a short amount of time. Scorpion will shout, "Get over here!" or "Come here!", while executing this technique. Although Scorpion is often strict and wrathful, he also has a caring side and is very honorable. In the original timeline, when he discovers that the Sub-Zero who enters the second tournament isn't Bi-Han, but his more merciful younger brother Kuai Liang, Scorpion vows to protect him to atone for killing his kin. In the second timeline, Scorpion intended to spare the first Sub-Zero in exchange for the resurrection of his clan, and only relented after Quan Chi inflamed his anger. Scorpion later expressed regret for killing Bi-Han, calling it "a mistake borne of rage". Most notably, in the Mortal Kombat X comic series, it is shown that he took in victims and survivors of the Netherrealm War and raised them within the re-established Shirai Ryu, reformed for the purpose of protecting Earthrealm. Among these refugees was Takeda Takahashi, the orphaned son of Kenshi, whom Hanzo raised as his own after Kenshi left him in his care. 
Scorpion is most commonly associated with Hellfire, the Netherrealm's variant of fire. Scorpion is immune to the element and primarily uses it to confirm the death of his opponents, spewing it from his skull while unmasked. He is very versatile with this element, for he can summon it under his opponent, light himself up with hellfire to create a damaging aura of flames and hurl fireballs that can explode. His other abilities include necromancy and summoning. After being betrayed by the Elder Gods when they resurrected his clan as undead, he still found use from his undead comrades known as Hellspawns, who are capable of summoning hellfire as well. His summoning abilities allow him to call upon demonic minions that can self-destruct and floating skull creatures that breathe hellfire and spew explosive projectiles. As a spectre, Scorpion is immune to death as his soul is still bound by revenge, allowing him to endlessly chase his targets until they have been silenced. He is capable of resurrection, even if his physical body is fully destroyed, as demonstrated in Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance where he was supposedly killed by Quan Chi when he kicked him into a pool of acid in the map Acid Bath, but later returned to life in order to find the Deadly Alliance and their minions. He also came back to life in the Mortal Kombat X comic series after Havik brutally killed him by destroying his chest and lungs.  Scorpion has the ability to teleport and can activate this ability without doing a gesture but by doing a mere thought instead, often used in the form of surprise or ambush attacks, and can open portals to the Netherrealm at will. The scope of Scorpion's powers depend on how long he remains in his abode, the Netherrealm. This proved advantageous when he pursued Quan Chi in the depths of hell, whose magic is diminished by the power and nature of the realm. After being fully resurrected, it's revealed in the Mortal Kombat X comic series that Scorpion's wraith powers and Hellfire depend on his own emotional pain, as he must relive his greatest shame like the destruction of his family and clan or witness his allies suffering, like Takeda seemingly dying, in order to use it. By doing so, Hanzo becomes more wraith like, surrounded by hellfire, and his powers increase tremendously to the point they can even exceed deities in combat like Raiden. Although powerful, there is a drawback to every time Hanzo uses his powers; if he uses hellfire for too long, he risks being consumed by it, destroying his existence. Along with this, Hanzo's Scorpion persona can overtake him, resulting in him acting less reasonable and more hostile. Like many ninjas, Scorpion is well-versed in the art of armed combat. He has wielded various weapons throughout the tournaments, from axes to the most recent twin Ninjato. His most recurring weapon is the Spear, a kunai attached to a sturdy rope. Colloquially called a kyoketsu-shoge in ancient Japan, representing Scorpion's "stinger". At times, the spear is empowered with hellfire for more power. Various depictions of the spear had been made before Deadly Alliance. It was shown as a chain tied to a mace in the comics. His spear was a sentient, serpentine creature that spawned from within his hand during the films. He is empowered by the Elder Gods to defeat Onaga in Deception. However, Shujinko slays Onaga before he gets the chance. In MK11, his abilities are expanded upon, showing that he retains many of the abilities gained as a Spectre while in his restored human form. Hanzo now has the ability transform into a fiery skeleton, incinerating anything he touches, along with breathing fire and touching the opponent with other Hellfire-esque attacks. His ability with engulfing himself in Hellfire has also made him immune to other aspects of fire, as shown with him being completely unaffected by Sektor's flamethrower. He is even able to ignite his Spear with Hellfire, causing it to burn opponents when he slashes or stabs them. His speed has also seemed to have increased, with him leaving afterimages of himself after teleporting and using various attacks, making his movements unpredictable. As Scorpion, he retains these same traits, however now when teleporting in some instances, he will be surrounded in a fiery tornado, setting fire to the surrounding area when appears. Also as Scorpion, when breathing Hellfire from his mouth as an attack, his head changes to a flaming skull, identical to his Toasty! Fatality. 

Shang Tsung
A powerful, deadly sorcerer and one of the primary villains in the Mortal Kombat franchise, Shang Tsung is a shape-shifter who needs to consume souls in order to sustain his health and life. In the Mortal Kombat series, he is the epitome of cunning and decadence, as symbolized by his preference for lavish parties, grand palaces, and stylish clothing. Unlike the crude Shao Kahn, this bombast is a facade, disguising Shang Tsung's true intellectual and mental sophistication. Despite this, he is usually depicted as Shao Kahn's subordinate, following whatever orders the Emperor give him. Through sorcery and experimentation, he is the creator of Meat and the half-Tarkatan Mileena. Due to being the maker of Kronika's Crown, he is one of the few mortals with the ability to use it without strain on his body, something not even the immortal Fujin could do.  Much like Shao Kahn, as a major antagonist to the franchise, Shang Tsung has made many allies while also drawing the ire to many of the protagonists of the series. Goro and Reptile are often depicted as close allies to the sorcerer, the former being his prized Champion while the latter as his personal bodyguard. He is the arch-nemesis of Liu Kang, which in turn has brought him into conflict with other members of the Shaolin Monks such as Kung Lao, due to the sorcerer's hand in killing his ancestor, The Great Kung Lao. Despite his hostilities towards Earthrealm and its inhabitants, he is respectful of that of Raiden, often referring to him as "Lord Raiden". He is also responsible for blinding the telekinetic swordsman Kenshi. Shang Tsung's allegiance to Shao Kahn granted him the status of a free roaming sorcerer. As such, he is able to move between realms without detection by the Elder Gods or local deities, an ability which has granted him many opportunities to commit atrocities over the centuries. Only Delia, Shinnok, Shao Kahn, and Quan Chi can match Shang Tsung's skills as a sorcerer. 
As mentioned above, Shang Tsung was cursed by mysterious entities identified only as his gods. The curse forcibly decreases his lifespan, unless he takes the souls of others to replenish himself. Shang Tsung's primary objective is to find an infinite source of souls on which to thrive indefinitely. Without souls, his body will rapidly age, wither, and eventually die. However, due to his ability to absorb souls, he has also discovered an unforeseen side effect, granting him the ability to shape-shift into the people whose souls he has taken. The change is more than skin deep as he has access to their memories, fighting prowess and powers as well. Shang Tsung is not required to steal a person's soul in order to morph into them, as he took on the form of Kung Lao to sneak up on Liu Kang. As a sorcerer, Shang Tsung wields incredible black magic, most of it provided by Shao Kahn though after the third and second tournaments, this is no longer the case. It would appear that he, when paired with Quan Chi, was able to defeat the Thunder God of Earth, Raiden. Like his rival, Liu Kang, he is associated with the element of fire, able to fire flaming skull-shaped projectiles at his opponent. In addition to his projectiles, he has the ability to create a giant, flaming cobra of fire that easily defeated Raiden (as seen in Deception's opening cinematic) and can turn into said cobra in Mortal Kombat 11. In Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe, Shang Tsung could teleport using pools of fire. He can also use his element of fire for sorcery and black magic, such as his ability to create portals as seen in Mortal Kombat: Shaolin Monks. Early concept sketches of Shang Tsung for Mortal Kombat II revealed that he had a hidden demonic form, although it has since been established that Shang Tsung is a human of Chinese origin, having been granted powers of sorcery by Shao Kahn. In Mortal Kombat 11, his sorcery is heavily expanded upon with his previous abilities having more combat application behind them and the addition of new abilities that revolves around the theme of a treacherous, serpentine sorcerer. Shang Tsung's cobra familiar can now banish opponents by crashing them down to a lava portal and it also has the ability to drain the souls of those caught in its magics. The extent of his ability to steal attributes via soul stealing has been increased as he can siphon abilities and permanently gain them rather than assuming the appearance of his opponent. While transplanting souls can give life to corpses, he can also use it take lives by resurrecting spirits inside live opponents, reforming their physical forms which tears them apart inside out. He now has access to phylacteries and ancient scrolls that act as catalysts for his soul magic and curse spells. He appears to possess forms of necromancy with his ability to summon undead monks and is able to easily summon Soulnados, something Quan Chi would take time to summon. As revealed in Mortal Kombat 11 Aftermath's Story, he is revealed to be the creator of Kronika's Crown and is fully aware of its workings. As such, he is the one of the few people who can use the Crown's true power without straining himself, even in his elder form, unlike Raiden and Fujin who, despite being deities, struggle to withstand the Crown's power when using it.  When wearing Kronika's Crown, Shang Tsung's power increases exponentially, to the point that his power rivals, if not exceeds that of not only the Elder Gods, but the Titans themselves, with his newfound power being able to easily defeat both Raiden and Fujin at the same time. He later kills the Immortal Shao Kahn and Kronika, again with little effort. Additionally, Shang possesses knowledge of genetics, having created such biological abominations as Mileena and Meat in his Flesh Pits as well as an affinity for constructing and operating booby traps. He is also aware of the arts of Blood Magik, however he refrains from using it, as he reveals to the genetic experiment Skarlet that Blood Magik can drive the user towards insanity. 

Baraka
Baraka was introduced in Mortal Kombat II as a mean, frightening, and unpredictable Outworld warrior in service of Emperor Shao Kahn. He belongs to a race of nomadic mutants, later revealed in Mortal Kombat: Deception to be called Tarkata, who populate the vast wastelands of Outworld. Originally, this race was said to be a crossbreed between Netherrealm demons and Outworlders, but this is no longer canon; it is now claimed that the Tarkatans are a separate race whose realm was conquered and annexed long ago by Shao Kahn. As with all Tarkatans, Baraka is cannabalistic and possesses long, retractable blades extending from his forearms, making him one of the deadliest fighters in the Mortal Kombat universe.  Although he has had many incursions with Earthrealm's warriors, he does not appear to have any particular rivalry or hatred towards Earth or its inhabitants. His main interest is in doing what is best for his own people. To this end, Baraka will side with anyone whose objectives would ensure the welfare of his race.  He later ascends to the status of general, which makes him superior to all other Tarkatans, save for the half-Tarkatan Mileena. 
As a Tarkatan, Baraka possesses greater stamina and fighting power than a normal human, along with his trademark weapon - the Tarkatan blades that extend from his forearms. He is also shown in many cases to have a highly acute sense of smell, as he can tell the true identity of targets by their scent, and a potent healing factor, as he was able to survive Kung Lao's Body Slice Fatality in the events of Mortal Kombat Trilogy (though he required giant staples to hold his body together). With the addition of body spikes in MK11, he can now shoot the spikes out of his back as a defensive maneuver. Additionally, Baraka now seems to be able to break off and regrow his Tarkatan Blades at will as seen in various special attacks but most noticeably his Fatal Blow. 

Blaze
First introduced in the series as a non-playable character seen in the background of the Pit II arena in Mortal Kombat II, Blaze was depicted as an elemental being from Outworld shrouded in flames.[1] As his name and appearance suggests, he has control over fire, lava, heat, etc. In Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance, Blaze became a playable character and gained more background information. He would later become the final boss of Mortal Kombat: Armageddon. Blaze's first chronological appearance was supposedly in Mortal Kombat II, visible only as a burning figure in the Pit II background, fighting a character fans have since named Hornbuckle does not come without controversy. Daegon is described in Mortal Kombat: Armageddon as being awoken centuries prematurely, due to Caro losing mental contact with Blaze (because of his imprisonment guarding the last dragon egg) and mistook that for the signal to awake Daegon. Also, in Blaze's Armageddon Bio, Blaze is set free after the egg hatches during the events of Deception, and is unaware that Daegon was awoken prematurely. It's not until Blaze gives the signal to wake both brothers he learns that Daegon had already been freed. If the burning figure in Mortal Kombat II was truly Blaze, that means Blaze had been imprisoned to guard the egg sometime after Mortal Kombat II, which means Daegon could not have been awoken centuries earlier because Blaze would have known. With the Black Dragon dating back to before the first Mortal Kombat and the Red Dragon dating back beyond that, it seems the burning figure seen in Mortal Kombat II could not have been Blaze, since at the time he was already guarding the egg. 
Being a fire elemental, Blaze governs power over everything fire-related, ranging from flame projectiles to physical strikes augmented by his fire powers. In Deadly Alliance and Armageddon, it was revealed that his captors who forced him to guard the Dragon Egg "corrupted his original design" which perhaps explains the new form he has taken on. Created by Delia, Blaze serves as a catalyst of ultimate power which can be absorbed by any kombatant who successfully defeats him, giving the winner god-like power, amplifying their powers to omnipotent levels and granting a single wish. It is also in this new form that Blaze becomes the most powerful kombatant in the entire franchise in which he is able to single-handedly cause Armageddon by devouring existence itself. 

Jade
Jade is a childhood friend of Princess Kitana. While her motives were unclear, she served Shao Kahn alongside Kitana and Mileena as his personal assassin for most of her life. When Kitana finally turned against Shao Kahn, Jade was ordered to capture her for the Emperor. She ultimately chose to join her friend and has since loyally assisted Kitana in her quest to free their native realm and restore its original beauty. Now residing in the freed Edenia, Jade is a General of the Edenian Army and continues to dutifully serve Kitana and her mother Sindel. Jade's confident and sassy personality was first portrayed in her Girls Gone Wired campaign video, but later expanded upon throughout her story in Mortal Kombat (2011). Always known for her loyalty towards Kitana, she has proven herself to be a dependable, sincere and devoted friend to the princess. She is sarcastic, patronizing and cocky towards her opponents, and incredibly ruthless towards those she considers a personal enemy, at one point splashing Tarkatan essence on the Edenian traitor, Tanya, and allowing her to be torn to pieces by Baraka's militia. As a female assassin adorned in a green skin-tight outfit, Jade was initially very similar in appearance to Kitana and Mileena, the only noticeable difference being her darker skin (although in the Sega Genesis and Saturn ports of MKII, she has the same skin as Kitana). She appeared first as a hidden, unplayable character in Mortal Kombat II whose moveset were mostly like Kitana's including the use of the fan blade weapon. To reach Jade, the player would fight a one-player game on the match just before the "?" on the map of the mountain. If the player won at least one round of the match using only the Low Kick button (no punches, High Kick, or Block button presses), they would immediately be warped to Goro's Lair (Blue Portal in the Sega Genesis port) to fight Jade. The player did not have to win the match -- only one round -- to fight Jade. Jade would later become a regular character in Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3. Her main weapon of choice is a metal staff, but she also uses razor-edged boomerangs, dubbed "razorangs", as well. In Mortal Kombat 11, it is revealed that she is in a romantic relationship with Kotal Kahn, the pair being together before Kotal Kahn was betrayed by Shao Kahn and experimented on by Shang Tsung. 
When she was first introduced in MKII, Jade was the only secret character to possess an outright special ability: an absolute immunity to projectile attacks. Any projectiles thrown at her would fly harmlessly pass her. Aside from that, her style of combat was identical to Kitana's, wielding a pair of copper fans during gameplay. When she was made playable, she displayed slightly more aptitude than her other counterparts. Unlike Kitana and Mileena, Jade wielded two weapons: a steel, sharp-pointed staff which transforms itself into a supply of 'razorangs' (a portmanteau of 'razor' and 'boomerangs'). She displayed the most effectiveness with the staff, preferring weapon combat over hand-to-hand combat. During one of her Fatalities and her win pose, the staff left behind purple energy trails, hinting at magical properties. The staff has also been redesigned twice, first displayed as mentioned above, but in Deception, given a larger spearhead at one end, whilst in Shaolin Monks, it is a simple iron staff with no sharp ends. In MK 2011, the staff reverts back to its original steel design, but heavily features the purple aura during gameplay as well and has the ability to change length. She also displayed skill with the razorangs, able to retrieve her weapons as they returned to her without cutting herself and can alter their trajectory at will. Jade is able to emit a 'force rejection field' around her, which seems to cause projectiles in particular to fly right through her like air. 

Kitana
Princess Kitana is 10,000 years old but is considered young in her realm of Edenia and has the appearance of a young woman. Throughout the years, she rose to great importance; first as the loyal stepdaughter of Shao Kahn, then as his enemy, tearing herself away from his grasp and freeing her home realm of Edenia. She also led an army into Outworld to combat any chance of Shao Kahn rising to power again. She has shared a subtle love interest with Mortal Kombat champion Liu Kang, even after he was murdered by the Deadly Alliance. Although she was loyal to Shao Kahn for most of her life, she eventually betrayed him and aligned herself with the Earthrealmers. Her betrayal was mainly the result of growing doubts as to the morality of her actions and resulting feelings of guilt, as well as anger at the discovery of the truth about her past and her true father, the late King Jerrod.  Prior to joining the Earthrealmers, she was a cold, arrogant, and ruthless assassin who served Shao Kahn dutifully. However, after meeting with Raiden and Liu Kang, this veneer began to give way to a kinder, selfless, and more noble personality.  This led to her murder by her now-corrupted mother, Sindel, becoming one of Quan Chi’s revenants. After Quan Chi’s death, Kitana and Liu Kang became emperor and empress of the Netherrealm.  In Mortal Kombat 11, the revenants of Kitana and Liu Kang are recruited by Kronika in her quest to restart the timeline, joining her in her plans to erase Raiden from history. A younger Kitana is summoned, along with various other Kombatants, in the present era due to Kronika‘s plans. With Raiden and the others fighting alongside him, this younger Kitana aimed to stop Kronika‘s meddling so she could kill her father Shao Kahn. After rallying the sides of the Tarkatans under Baraka and the Shokans under Sheeva, she was able to defeat her stepfather and free Kotal Kahn from his near execution. As thanks, he revoked his rulership and crowned her the new empress of Outworld, Kitana Kahn. After Fire God Liu Kang defeated Kronika and gained control of her Hourglass, he and Kitana acted as the molders of the future after Raiden relinquished his title of Earthrealm‘s protector to the Shaolin. However, Aftermath has revealed this ending to be non-canon. 
Kitana relies mostly on her Steel Fans in battle, although she is more than adequate in unarmed hand-to-hand combat. She can use her fans as both a projectile and a melee weapon, as well as the ability to create large and small Tornadoes with her Edenian/Wind magic, ( She expresses her magic with her War Fans) Kitana also has the ability to Teleport short/long distances and somewhat has flight to an extent. She can also throw her fans while airborne and execute a midair punch to counter other airborne foes. This made her one of the most powerful characters in Mortal Kombat II, and was subsequently toned down in later games. In Armageddon, she can also teleport and launch herself forward with a series of kicks to the opponent. Throughout the series, she has been shown to be more powerful than her evil twin Mileena, and has defeated her several times. She is also a very strong leader; she succeeded in recruiting Sindel back to her side and convince her of Shao Kahn's evil during the events of Mortal Kombat 3, and has done the same to Goro in Mortal Kombat Gold. 

Kung Lao
Kung Lao is a former Shaolin monk and a member of the White Lotus Society. He stands in the shadow of his great ancestor, the Great Kung Lao, but unlike his great ancestor, he has no desire to be champion and would rather live a life of peace. However, this was retconned in MK 2011, wherein Lao is now eager to prove himself equal to Liu Kang. He is also shown to be highly conceited and immature, although these traits mask a deep-seated insecurity and inferiority complex vis a vis Liu Kang. Much like Liu Kang, he has trained under master Bo' Rai Cho. Of the Earthrealm warriors, Lao is the most outspoken pacifist, although he will not hesitate to severely punish those who attack him, Earthrealm, or his friends. His trademark weapon is his Razor-Rimmed Hat, which he can employ quite powerfully and effectively in combat. Many of his fatalities involve the use of his hat to some extent. According to MK co-creator John Tobias in a 1995 interview with EGM, Kung Lao's hat was inspired by the 1964 James Bond movie Goldfinger, in which the character Oddjob throws his derby hat as a deadly chakram-like weapon.  
Kung Lao possesses similar abilities to Liu Kang when it comes to strength, agility and martial arts. However, those are not his most deadly weapon. Lao's preferred weapon of choice is the razor-edged hat that he wears all the time. The hat is usually utilized to instill fatal and amputating blows, mainly in decapitation. Lao appears to have absolute control over the hat as he is able to throw whilst it moves in circular directions instead of straight ahead. The hat also appears to have supernatural properties, as such that no matter how far he throws it or where it will end up, the hat will always materialize back on Lao's head like an instant boomerang. He appears to also have some degree of teleportation as well. 

Mileena
Mileena is a mutant hybrid clone of Kitana, created in Shang Tsung's flesh pits at the behest of Shao Kahn, who had become increasingly paranoid that Kitana would one day learn the truth and betray him. As a fusion of Tarkatan blood and Edenian physiology, Mileena combines and fully utilizes attributes of both races in combat, boasting incredible speed, brute strength, nimble acrobatic prowess, and frightening, carnivorous savagery matched only by Baraka.  In stark contrast to Kitana, Mileena is an evil, sadistic, cruel, twisted, hot-tempered, selfish, and psychologically unhinged opportunist whose fondest wish is to kill her "sister" and claim her existence for her own. She fights using a pair of sais and a hideous, razor-sharp Tarkatan maw which she uses to bite off chunks of human flesh and crush bones. She is shown to be extremely flirtatious as well, utilizing her "beauty" to manipulate men to her advantage, although all of the characters she has tried this on, particularly Reiko, found her repulsive. The Tarkatan warrior Baraka is sometimes portrayed as her love interest. Following Shao Kahn's defeat at the end of Mortal Kombat (2011), Mileena became the new empress of Outworld. However, her rule was turbulent and deeply unpopular, leading to her overthrow at the hands of Kotal Kahn. Although she tried to regain her throne by starting a civil war and hiring both Kano, Tanya, and Rain to kill Kotal, these attempts ended in failure and she was ultimately executed by D'Vorah. Despite her violent nature and insanity, in Mortal Kombat 11, Mileena is depicted with a more sympathetic side. Interactions in the game's Arcade, along with her Arcade Ending show less of her savage side, revealing a strong connection towards Tanya, becoming enraged about her unknown whereabouts and the idea of her possibly being dead. Additionally, her Arcade Ending depicts her wanting to start a family after becoming the new Keeper of Time, presumably with Tanya, in which Mileena cherishes her daughter who, unlike her sister Kitana, does not see her as a monster. 
Mileena, half Edenian, half Tarkatan, has proven that she is a deadly combination of beauty and beast. She has been shown to be able to fight with brute strength rivaling that of a Shokan, if not surpassing it, and has shown an incredible amount of agility and acrobatic prowess. In addition, she possesses incredible speed, making her one of the deadliest kombatants in the whole series. Mileena wields a pair of Sai and is able to teleport, roll, and bite the opponent with her deadly Tarkatan teeth. Because of her being Kitana's clone, she almost is equal in strength to her. In Mortal Kombat (2011), Mileena does not have the same knowledge of martial arts as her former version but replaces it with more wild, fierce attacks that make her exactly the same or even deadlier in terms of ferocity, although she is more mentally unstable. Being Kitana's clone, Mileena possesses incredible combat strength, aptitude, and agility like her sister. What separates her from Kitana, though, is her weapon of choice in the sai. She exhibits proficiency with the Sai that is equivalent to Kitana's with her fans. Coupled with the Tarkatan blood coursing through her veins and physique that allows for superb agility, this makes Mileena one of the most vicious and deadly characters in the entire series. As shown in Mortal Kombat (2011), Mileena becomes enshrouded in a pink, flame-like aura when executing her signature techniques, including the Rolling Thunder, Soaring Sai and Kick From Above. In Mortal Kombat X, her powers have developed further, granting her the ability to instantly warp towards sais she has thrown on the ground through a variation called Ethereal. Mortal Kombat 11 further expands her abilities, bringing back legacy moves with more twists and adding completely new powers to her arsenal. Some of her moves that are normally cloaked in her signature pink aura in the modern games are mixed with a second layer of aura that is colored blue. While the backstory behind this change is unknown, it is likely a reference to her hybrid nature. She has gained new ways to attack opponents with her sai projectiles such as placing them on the ground to erupt from below the enemy and magically summon sai daggers out of thin air that strike opponents from multiple angles. Complimenting her assassin character, Mileena has the ability to turn completely invisible albeit she is covered in an magic aura that gives away her position. This drawback is compensated by her body being completely invisible even during attacks, making her foes oblivious to whatever she is going to do next. 

Shao Kahn
Shao Kahn the Konqueror is the former Emperor of Outworld, and has served as the main antagonist for most of the series. In many respects, he resembles a large Asian warrior, and is well known for his God-like strength which rivals, if not outright exceeds, that of Raiden and other Godly characters. He is also known for his extreme callousness, brutality, and ferocity in battle, as well as his fondness for personal executions, although he has occasionally spared the lives of his subordinates after proving their worth to him. He has also spared the lives of other victims such as Sindel and Kitana, raising the latter like his own daughter and treating the former like his own wife. However, his true power that has served him well and allowed him to rise above the image of a mere warlord is his high intelligence and profound knowledge of the black arts. Like his subordinate Shang Tsung, he has the power to consume and manipulate souls. His knowledge of dark arts have made him a powerful and dangerous kombatant, along with producing some of Outworld's most deadly adversaries, such as Ermac and Skarlet. It is revealed in Mortal Kombat: Deception that Shao Kahn was an advisor to Outworld as Raiden was to Earthrealm, which would suggest the possibility of him being a God, as well as being the former protector of Outworld during Onaga's rule. He would later defeat Blaze in the original timeline, ascend to God-hood with Blaze's powers, kill Raiden and win Armageddon as the remaining kombatant in the original timeline. Perhaps Shao Kahn’s greatest strength lies in his ability to work towards his goals with great tenacity and his ability to organize. However, his greatest weakness is his arrogance and overconfidence. Shao Kahn has often underestimated mankind, and therefore tried to conquer Earthrealm many times, with or without a consort, to no success. He also possesses a blinding lust for conquest that can sometimes overwhelm his better judgment, allowing him to be manipulated by those that are cunning enough to exploit this weakness. This arrogance and naïveté also allowed for his downfall by his allies on many occasions, such as being betrayed by his allies in the original timeline leading up to Armageddon. In the current timeline, he was killed by the Elder Gods for his invasion of Earth and violating the rules of Mortal Kombat, allowing for the Netherrealm invasion of Earthrealm being headed by Quan Chi and Shinnok, the former assisting his attempted conquest of Earthrealm. After his past self is brought to the present timeline, he is later betrayed by Shang Tsung after the sorcerer became the Keeper of Time, using Shao Kahn and his forces to storm Kronika's Keep, only to absorb his and Sindel's souls after seizing the Hourglass. Through his tyrannical rule of Outworld, Shao Kahn has made many enemies, but also many allies throughout the series. The sorcerer Shang Tsung is often seen as his subordinate, serving him for over a millennia. He has also created the construct Ermac. Through Shang Tsung's sorcery and experiments, the sorcerer created the genetic hybrid Mileena as a replacement daughter for the Emperor, who found Kitana to be inferior, believing that Mileena a fit better as his “true” daughter. He later takes in the Outworld peasant Skarlet, empowering her with Blood Magik, adopting her as his own daughter as he did Mileena. Through his tyrannical leadership, he is often allied with other species in Outworld for his conquests, such as the Tarkata and Shokan, however as growing civil wars grew within Outworld following his first death in the new timeline, these allegiances would slowly dissolve, most notably during Kotal Kahn’s reign as Emperor of Outworld. Shao Kahn is the archnemesis to that of the Thunder God Raiden, often being considered his counterpart in their roles in their respective realms. His power and determination have allowed him to exceed Raiden in power on multiple occasions. Due to this rivalry and his desire to conquer Earthrealm, he has also gained enemies from the likes of Liu Kang and Kung Lao, as well as the Special Forces. Additionally, due to his alliance with the Cyber Lin Kuei and Sektor, he has gained animosity from that of Sub-Zero. 
Shao Kahn is shown to be an immensely powerful being throughout the series. He is able to utilize magic and has superhuman strength, durability, and stamina, as well as longevity. He is also able to charge at the opponent with considerable speed and power. His kombat abilities were demonstrated during the events of Mortal Kombat 3, where he defeated Kung Lao with relative ease. Armed with his Wrath Hammer, Shao Kahn can send opponents flying with one swing. During the events of Armageddon, he was able to smash through Mileena's magic barrier with his hammer.  Like Shang Tsung, he can absorb the souls of others to increase his own power, often through the usage of Soulnados. His ability to absorb souls is so potent, he can rob the billions of souls of an entire realm with a hand motion, often using portals in conjunction with his soul steal to access the souls of a realm without stepping foot on it. The warrior souls he has taken have also retained their memories such as combat knowledge, making him wiser with every soul he imprisons within him. Shao Kahn is one of the few wielders of the mysterious green energy besides Johnny Cage, Cassie Cage, Nightwolf and Jade. He is one of the most versatile wielders of green energy, as he can use it to create energy weapon constructs such as spears, generate protective forcefields that reflect projectiles and fire energy beams seemingly from his eyes and shoot laser beams from his hands. He can enhance his strikes with green energy to increase the power behind his attacks, greatly increase his attack speed with it (like how Johnny Cage uses green energy to speed up his attacks in his Little Improve fatality) and sometimes use it to propel himself to great distances.   Apart from his projectile attacks, Kahn's knowledge of magic seems to include cloning, as this is how he managed to avoid assassination at the hands of the Deadly Alliance. After escaping into the wilderness, he was able to heal and resuscitate a mortally wounded Goro and recruit him back to his cause. Shao Kahn has also created a body of flesh and bone for Shang Tsung using his magic when the evil sorcerer's original body was vaporized by Raiden's suicide attack in the events of Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance. He is capable of resurrecting others as well, he demonstrated this ability in the events of Mortal Kombat Trilogy where he brings Mileena back to life after she was killed by Kitana. His powers extend to wielding psychic powers, as he was able to enslave the thousands of souls within the magical being Ermac using his powerful mind control and is capable of using telekinesis to lift and rag doll opponents.  It is revealed in Mortal Kombat 11 in an interaction between Scorpion and Skarlet that Shao Kahn has knowledge in other fields of magic as well, as he was the one who taught Skarlet how to use Blood Magik. 

Smoke
Smoke debuted in Mortal Kombat II as a hidden character to fight against, along with Noob Saibot and Jade. He was often spotted in the Living Forest stage in which he (along with Jade) peeked out of the trees. Like Reptile when he made his first appearance, he was simply a palette-swap of Scorpion with puffs of smoke surrounding him, but would move extremely fast. He would appear randomly before matches, offering clues that would enable the player to fight him, as Reptile had in the original Mortal Kombat. Smoke would not have his own storyline until he was featured in Mortal Kombat 3, where he was once again a hidden character, but accessible to players with the use of a code. In this appearance, he would be a tortured human soul trapped in the body of a cyborg. His most defining feature is the fact that he constantly emits smoke. This, combined with his power to teleport and turn invisible, once made him one of the Lin Kuei's top assassins. In Mortal Kombat (2011), it's revealed that he has long, flowing silver hair that covers his face, although it is shown being blown back in renders and artwork. 
Of all the three cyborg ninjas, Smoke appears to specialize in stealth and speed. His powers as a human were unknown for the most part, but in both forms, his body emits a constant smoky fume, probably to obscure his movements from the opponent. In MKII, he was depicted as moving at extremely high speeds, much faster than the other two hidden ninjas. From Mortal Kombat: Deception onward, Smoke is seen using smoke-related attacks, such as causing his opponent to cough as well as teleporting. In later appearances, due to Smoke's cybernetic "upgrades", his body appears to effectively be made out of smoke, or at least his nanomachines emulate the appearance of it. Whatever the case, due to further modifications made on his body by Noob Saibot, he has become a demon nonetheless. In Mortal Kombat: Armageddon, he is seen to be able to mind control other people by inserting his gaseous mist into them. In Mortal Kombat (2011), Smoke remains in his human form and his abilities are explored deeper. It is revealed in his ending that he is in fact an enenra, a demonic creature composed entirely of smoke and vapor. As such, he is able to not only actively utilize his namesake as an extensive weapon, but he is also able to morph his entire body into a cloud of vapor, allowing him to move swiftly around his opponent as well as escape from enemies or potential captors. As shown in his Fatalities, his smoke also emits extreme levels of heat. In the second live-action film, Mortal Kombat: Annihilation, Smoke is armed with rockets, like Sektor, and has the ability to transform himself into smoke in order to ambush his enemies. 

Sub-Zero
There are two incarnations of Sub-Zero, both of whom are siblings: older brother Bi-Han, and younger brother Kuai Liang. Both are blue garbed warriors who, at different times, have used the codename "Sub-Zero", and both are members of the Lin Kuei. They are descended from Cryomancers, an exiled Edenian race possessing the ability to generate and control ice. However, they were born in Earthrealm and only the younger Sub-Zero would discover his heritage (in the original timeline).  Kuai Liang bears a scar on his right eye. In the original timeline, he received it sometime prior to the events of Mortal Kombat 3. However, as seen in Deception, the scar eventually faded away, possibly as a result of the Dragon Medallion's power. In the second timeline, revealed in the Mortal Kombat X comic series, it was Kano who created the scar.  Bi-Han and Kuai Liang were born to a Cryomancer father and a Chinese-American human mother. Their father was a secret operative for the Lin Kuei in the United States, eventually taking both sons back with him to China, against their mother's wishes. The brothers would then be trained as Lin Kuei assassins. However, in Sub-Zero's trailer for Mortal Kombat 2011, the siblings' background stories are retconned that both brothers were kidnapped by the Lin Kuei when they were still children. Bi-Han appeared as Sub-Zero in the first Mortal Kombat tournament, while Kuai Liang went by the codename "Tundra". After Bi-Han was killed by Scorpion, Kuai Liang swore to avenge him and took his brother's former codename "Sub-Zero" as a means of honoring his brother. He entered the second Mortal Kombat with only one goal in mind: hunting down his brother's killer. Kuai Liang would bear the name Sub-Zero in all future games, whereas Bi-Han would be resurrected as a wraith by Quan Chi and given the name Noob Saibot.  Although both share traits in common, the two brothers differ significantly in many ways. Kuai Liang comes off as a menacing, stern, distant, and cold man who prefers to remain in the shadows, not unlike his elder brother. However, Kuai Liang is more serious, disciplined, humane, and honorable than Bi-Han ever was. In contrast to his older brother, who eventually succumbed to darkness, the younger Sub-Zero remained firmly on the side of justice. This vast disparity caused the two siblings to disown one another, stating "we share blood, we are not brothers". Kuai Liang's strong moral principles have also brought him into conflict with his own clan. Horrified by the Lin Kuei's cyberization initiative, Kuai Liang openly rebelled and eventually left the clan altogether in horror and disgust, thereby breaking the sacred codes of honor. In response, his former clan marked him for death, programming Cyrax, Sektor, and his former friend Smoke to hunt down and terminate him. Kuai Liang subsequently joined Liu Kang, Raiden, and Earthrealm's other defenders in the struggle against Shao Kahn.  In both timelines, the younger Sub-Zero defeated and killed Sektor, becoming the new Lin Kuei Grandmaster in the process. Under his stewardship, the Lin Kuei would be reformed and rebuilt into a force for good.  Like most of the MK cast, Kuai Liang follows a character archetype. In his case, he is the enigmatic hero who shows up to aid the protagonists when needed. 
Being descended from a race of Outworld inhabitants known as Cryomancers, Kuai Liang has the innate ability to control ice in many forms. Throughout the span of the series, Sub-Zero's powers have continued to evolve. His deadly ability to freeze comes from the process of him absorbing the air around him and storing it before releasing it as a cold substance or simply lowering the temperature of the surrounding air to create ice constructs. He is naturally used to the cold temperatures of his turf and is able to resist other Cryomancers' freezing abilities as shown in the Mortal Kombat X comic series where Frost fails to freeze Sub-Zero's arms. His ability to freeze is strong enough to turn the body's water content, flesh and bone into brittle ice with just a single tap of his fingers. He has even surpassed his (late) brother Bi-Han's freezing ability, whose ice can reach temperatures up to -500° Fahrenheit which is way below absolute zero. [4] He is one of the few combatants who can manipulate chi, the life energy of a martial artist. By channeling his chi, Sub-Zero can use it to enhance the power behind his physical strikes and make them strong enough to send other combatants flying with each strike he lands on them. The Dragon Medallion has not just increased the power of his freezing ability, but it has also given him another source of chi to channel power from. Sub-Zero is one of the many combatants capable of teleporting by turning his body into ice and reforming his physical form of flesh and blood in another location. He has also been shown to control and influence the cold aspects of the weather, although this aspect of his powers seems to be tied to his emotional state. Aside from flash-freezing opponents, Sub-Zero also has the ability to instantly conjure up an ice statue of himself to act as both a scapegoat and a 'landmine' of sorts as any who touch it instantly flash freeze. He has created many different kinds of ice constructs for offense and defense. Such ice constructs include swords, daggers, hammers, axes, spears, shields, walls, spikes, statues and more. He is one of the characters that are more oriented on defense thanks to his ability to counter attacks by freezing melee attackers who come into contact with him and being able to create several defensive ice constructs that usually freeze on contact such as icy orb traps, ice clones, ice barriers and ice armor.  Ever since he takes possession of the Dragon Medallion, the scope of Sub-Zero's powers and abilities has increased significantly. As a member of the Lin Kuei, Sub-Zero has attained a great degree of skill in many forms of hand-to-hand combat. The Dragon Medallion and his ancestral armor increased and amplified his martial arts and ice-related abilities, as shown in his Deception Arcade ending. Throughout the Mortal Kombat series, Sub-Zero's abilities have grown more powerful; he was capable of killing an entire city's population while amplified by Blood Magik and was able to freeze a large building and shattered it with one punch.  

Cyrax
Making his debut in Mortal Kombat 3, Cyrax was one of three cybernetic ninjas created by the Lin Kuei in an attempt to convert all of its members into unfeeling, cold-hearted, cybernetic assassins, thereby improving their performance and circumventing any possibility of disobedience. Cyrax was designated unit LK-4D4 and, like his counterparts, was assigned to hunt down the renegade former Lin Kuei member Sub-Zero. Cyrax recovered his human soul in the original timeline with the help of Sonya Blade and Jax Briggs, and allied with them from that point onward. In the reset timeline of MK 2011, Cyrax is shown in his pre-cyberized form - a young, brash African male who, despite his loyalty to the Lin Kuei, was vehemently opposed to the cyberization initiative and automated against his will. After his soul is restored by Kuai Liang, he sacrifices himself to put an end to the Lin Kuei's plans once and for all.  
As a cybernetic ninja, Cyrax is well-equipped, both in martial arts involving ninjutsu and weaponry. Cyrax houses a number of weapons in his chest cavity designed for both incapacitating and destroying targets. Of the three cyborg ninjas, Cyrax is most associated with bombardment, his arsenal full of timed explosives with a seemingly unlimited supply. He also has access to an 'energy net' capable of incapacitating his targets completely. When his soul was returned to him, not only did Cyrax retain some of his cybernetic parts, he was also outfitted with state-of-the-art technology, courtesy of the Outworld Investigation Agency. Cyrax was now equipped with a portable device that would allow him to freely traverse across the realms without the need of stationary portals. In addition, his armor is heat-resistant, as he was able to completely submerge himself in molten rock without severely damaging himself in the process. His net weapon was replaced with a buzzsaw-like appendage, used for mid-range combat. Cyrax is also able to relocate himself across short distances by separating all of his limbs and head as his torso would transport to a different area where all of the discarded limbs would rejoin. In Mortal Kombat: Annihilation, Cyrax fires a similar net, but it is compromised of nanomachines that completely eat the flesh, blood, and organs of any unlucky targets, completely destroying them without even leaving the marrow behind. 

Kabal
Kabal was first introduced in Mortal Kombat 3, sporting long black hair, Hookswords, superhuman speed, and a respirator. He was a mysterious warrior who survived an attack from one of Shao Kahn's extermination squads and, as a result, gained a horrifying visage concealed only by his respiratory mask. His ending reveals that he was once a member of the Black Dragon. At the time of his introduction, he appeared as a force for good, but eventually reverted to his evil ways, planning to place himself as the head of the new Black Dragon clan. In the reset timeline of Mortal Kombat (2011), Kabal is shown to be on the side of good by the time of the Outworld invasion, although Kano later attempts to convince him to return to the Black Dragon. It is also revealed that it was Kano who healed Kabal and gave him his respiratory mask.[3] Before his disfigurement by Kintaro's flames, he was an NYPD officer alongside Kurtis Stryker. Both he and Stryker later join the Earthrealm warriors in their struggle against Shao Kahn, but are killed by a resurrected Sindel. Their souls are then collected by Quan Chi and reanimated as undead revenants. Under the sorcerer's spell, he serves the fallen Elder God Shinnok and aids Quan Chi in his quest to free his master and take over the Earthrealm. In Mortal Kombat 11, the revenant Kabal serves Liu Kang and Kitana, who had by that point become emperor and empress of the Netherrealm, alongside Jade and Kung Lao. A younger pre-disfigurement Kabal appears as well, summoned due to Kronika’s meddling with timeline. This Kabal is still a member of the Black Dragon, and fights a younger Sonya after hearing from the older Kano that she is the one to disfigure him in the future (this being a lie in order to get the two to fight). Due to his constantly shifting allegiances, Kabal's true underlying personality is somewhat vague. As a Black Dragon member, he is shown to be every bit as greedy, ruthless, and amoral as Kano. But at a certain later point, he leaves the Black Dragon and joins the police force to atone for his past crimes, although he is later brought back to the side of evil by Havik (in the original timeline).  
Being a Black Dragon warrior, Kabal is a ruthless but level-headed kombatant. His weapon of choice is a pair of Hookswords, which he can use to eviscerate his enemies with ease. After being ambushed by Shao Kahn's extermination squads, he is forced to wear a respirator system to keep himself alive, and wears a mask to hide his hideous deformity, which is apparently so revolting that other kombatants would cower in fear because of it (strangely though, in Mortal Kombat 2011, the kombatants are oblivious to his face). Kabal's other defining trait is his superhuman speed. He is able to move at such blinding speeds he appears as a blur, making him the fastest character in the series. His speed has even been compared to The Flash from the DC Universe.[4] It was later revealed in Mortal Kombat 2011 that his speed is due to his brief time in Outworld, his ravaged body exposed to the magic-heavy atmosphere of that realm granting him such power. 

Nightwolf
Nightwolf is an archetypal Native American hero, historian, and shaman who was first introduced in Mortal Kombat 3. He is shown to be a proud and fierce warrior dedicated to the cause of good, and is in contact with Raiden and the Great Spirit through visions. As such, he draws on both internal and external spiritual energy to enhance his power. Somewhat stereotypically, Nightwolf is portrayed as stoic and deeply in tune with nature, animals, and spirits. His primary weapon is a tomahawk, which he is able to enhance with green spiritual energy. He can also use this same energy to summon an artificial bow and arrow, as well as deflect projectiles with his bare chest. Originally, his tribe was Lakota-Sioux, hence why he refers to Raiden as 'Haokah', but this was later changed in Mortal Kombat 11. He is now a member of a fictional tribe called the Matoka. 
Initially just one of Earth's chosen souls, Nightwolf was revealed to be his tribe's shaman in Deception's Konquest mode. This role has been reiterated and expanded upon, along with fine-tuning of his techniques. Nightwolf's most common abilities include green magic manipulation and lightning manipulation. By using his power over green energy, Nightwolf can energize himself or his equipped weapons for maximum damage and summon lethal weapons in the form of tomahawks, daggers and bows. This power can be used defensively in the form of a massive bubble shield that covers his entire front (as seen in MK 2011) or a green aura that redirects projectile attacks once they come into contact with it. His power over lightning is much more basic than his green energy, as he only uses it to summon powerful cloud-to-ground lightning that augments his weapons and scorches his foes. A lesser known ability of Nightwolf includes the ability to disintegrate his opponent in a beam of light. This was further expanded in later titles as a last resort, self-destructive spell that requires an incantation that unleashes devastating light capable of harming even Elder Gods such as Cetrion. In Mortal Kombat: Defenders of the Realm, Nightwolf is shown to be rather quite tech-savvy, serving as the group's technician. He is also the operator, monitoring events worldwide while being to keep track of opening portals through a console. He is accompanied by a pet wolf named Kiba, whom he bonds with to transform into his familiar appearance and utilize his shaman powers should the need arise for him to personally intervene or defend the base from invasion. Fitting for his name, Nightwolf also has a close relationship with wolves and is able to communicate with them. In Mortal Kombat Annihilation, he is able to assume the shape of a wolf. In Mortal Kombat: Deception, Nightwolf has the ability to manipulate evil energies, which is the taint in the soul that allows it to enter the Netherrealm. The game also mentions that Nightwolf becomes a Sin Eater, allowing him to completely absorb evil energies whilst retaining his psyche. He utilizes the sins of his ancestors for this purpose: the accumulated evil weighes down the soul of any being - regardless of their powers - to bowels of the Netherrealm. He binds Onaga to the hellish realm in the exact moment Shujinko slays him. In Mortal Kombat 11, The name "Nightwolf" is revealed to be a ceremonial title passed down from individual to individual of the Matoka Tribe by their Great Spirit. Through this moniker bestowal, Grey Cloud has access to a host of supernatural powers reminiscent to those in prior MK games but with wider pronunciation in their application. He still has access to the green force which various other fighters possess, enhancing his natural resilience and assault capability, but also uses it differently than most. Nightwolf is also shown to infuse his shaman magic into his weapons, causing them to turn blue. This magic causes his weapons to electrocute and call down lightning on afflicted targets. It also has the ability to generate blue colored flames. New skills shown in MK11 are his heightened spiritual connection which enables him to imbibe on the power of his spirit animals to increase his own physical abilities or give status ailments to his enemies. The ferocity of Kiba the Wolf augments his physical might strengthening overall attack power, Komo the Bear's ursine strength bolsters his defensive ability to lessen damage taken in battle and the majestic spirit of Hana the Eagle is another ranged attack with which Nightwolf both uses to disorient adversaries or keep her stationary to further augment himself. 

Sektor
Debuting in Mortal Kombat 3, Sektor (codename LK-9T9) is a dire, menacing, and lethal cyberized ninja of the Lin Kuei clan of assassins. He represents the closest thing to evil a cyborg can possibly be, combining traits of a cold-blooded ninja, a fanatic loyalist, and a destructive killing machine fit for modern warfare. His most well-known combat abilities are his homing missile attack, teleport punch, and flamethrower. In stark contrast to his immediate counterpart Cyrax, Sektor never bothered to rediscover his human side, and may be unable to. Even in his human form, Sektor was utterly devoted to the Lin Kuei clan and, unlike Cyrax, Sub-Zero, and Smoke, never questioned or resisted the cyberization process.  Sometime after he became a cyborg, Sektor ascended to the rank of Grandmaster. However, he was eventually killed and usurped in both timelines by the younger Sub-Zero, who then went on to reform the clan altogether. 
As a "cybernetic organism", Sektor possesses enhanced strength and stamina, as well as great onboard weaponry. As with the case of Cyrax, he appears to specialize in long range combat. His chest cavity is loaded with rockets and heat-seeking missiles. Unlike the other cyborgs, Sektor embraced his new machine body and decided to upgrade it rather than remove it. As of Armageddon, he commands an entire squad of AI controlled machines built in a similar vein to his original design as well as Cyrax's new design. Due to his upgrades, he possesses a jet propulsion system on each of his joints and new armor plating. He also now has two pulse blades to verse his foes in close quarter combat if needed to. He also possesses the ability to turn invisible. 

Sindel
Despite her menacing appearance, Sindel is kind and benevolent in nature, at least in the original timeline. She rules the Realm of Edenia alongside her daughter, Princess Kitana. Sindel's power appears to be of an inner, ethereal nature in more than one way. She is a distinctly older and more mature character, with flowing grey hair and a regal attitude befitting of her role as Queen of Edenia. She has a natural affinity with aerial magic, as evidenced by her ability to levitate and manipulate sonic waves. In Mortal Kombat: Deception, creator Ed Boon describes Sindel as a challenging character in more ways than one. Although Sindel is not one of the main characters in the series, she was involved in a big part of the game. This had to do with the fact that her rule over Edenia made her a target for many other rulers like Shao Kahn, Shinnok, and Onaga. Sindel was one of the few villainous characters to become heroic in the series. Sindel's backstory is retconned in Mortal Kombat 11, revealing that she had been evil all along, with her supposed unwillingness to marry Shao Kahn being a lie that she told to keep the Edenians (and especially Kitana) loyal to her. She resented Jerrod for trading away their powers and believing themselves to be no better than commoners, while falling in love with Shao Kahn's willingness to assert his own dominance and take what was his.  
Being an Edenian, Sindel possesses an array of mystical abilities. One of her trademark abilities is her ultrasonic, super-loud screaming. The strength and its properties seem to differ on the focus. This ranges from sonic blasts to a fierce sound wave that can outright blast an opponent's skin clean off. She can tone this down to a degree to paralyze the unwary. Another of her mystical powers is her prehensile hair which can be used as both a throw and a finisher in Mortal Kombat 3, where it would grow to extremely long lengths and be able to wrap itself around the opponent to throw and sometimes constrict them. Another of Sindel's distinguishing characteristics is her ability to levitate. Apart from serving as her win pose, she can use this to evade enemy attacks and deal damage simultaneously. In Mortal Kombat 11, according to Kronika, Sindel is one among few mortal beings who has the abilities to harm an Elder God, as this was proven during her battle against Cetrion. 

Ermac
Making his debut in Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3, Ermac has been a controversial and mysterious character in the Mortal Kombat series whose existence was rumored since its inception. Ermac is a fusion of the many souls destroyed in Outworld's wars, only to be controlled by Emperor Shao Kahn and his Shadow Priests. Because of this, he refers to himself as "we", "our", "us", and "ours", instead of "I", "my" "me", and "mine". Because of the sheer concentration of souls within Ermac, he possesses the gifts of telekinesis, teleportation, and the ability to travel between realms.  Ermac rarely shows any signs of emotion, but he has proven to be quite wise and a very deadly combatant, using his telekinetic abilities to battle multiple opponents at once while keeping the upper hand. Disappearing after the events of Mortal Kombat Trilogy, he only returned in Mortal Kombat: Deception, where he was freed from Shao Kahn's grip by the blind swordsman Kenshi, whom he repaid by teaching him the Telekinetic Slam. He decided to become a force of good, partly in guilt of his past evils. To prove this, he decides to help Liu Kang free the souls of his friends from Onaga's control. In the current timeline, this did not happen and, after the events of Mortal Kombat, he soon came under the possession of Shao Kahn's soul, as well as King Jerrod's.[1] Despite this, it's implied that Ermac has free will and is no longer evil due to Shao Kahn's death, as he willingly chose to side with Kotal Kahn to be ruler of Outworld instead of Mileena in Mortal Kombat X, despite Shao Kahn's decree. While Ermac's goal has varied over time, his overall allegiance is to Outworld, whether from defending it from threats like Onaga or finding a proper ruler for the realm itself. 
As mentioned above, Ermac is not one person, but an entire collection of souls of warriors brought together into physical form through means of powerful magic, courtesy of Shao Kahn. Due to this, Ermac always refers to himself as a group instead of a single person (saying things such as, "we" and "us", instead of, "I" or "me"). As a result of his very being being composed of  thousands of souls, Ermac possesses various powers related to them, most commonly in the form of telekinesis, which allows him to manipulate every aspect of living and non-living objects with his mind. In addition to his telekinesis, he is also able to manipulate soul energy because of his composition, which he utilizes in the form of both levitation and firing projectile attacks. In addition to his souls-based abilities, Ermac is also immensely skilled in physical combat. This may also be the result the fact that many of the souls that make up his body are that of ancient warriors who possibly are the source of his knowledge of different forms of martial arts. As showcased by Takeda's failed attempt, Ermac is immune to telepathy due to the many minds of the thousands of souls within his body. While he may not appear to have any at first glance, Ermac does have one major weakness: the Netherrealm itself. Since he is a being created completely by magic, his powers would decrease over time the longer he stays in the realm, weakening the bond holding the souls together and overall threatening his very existence. However, by using a mysterious stone dubbed the Soul Stone Shujinko found for him, he ultimately is protected from this threat. 

Quan Chi
Quan Chi is the most powerful sorcerer and necromancer in the Netherrealm and a primary villain in the Mortal Kombat series. Quan Chi combines both dark magic and cunning in his never-ending plots to overtake not only Earthrealm, but all of reality. He is notable in particular for his high intelligence and cold, calculating pragmatism, as well as his penchant for manipulating and exploiting vulnerable targets to further his own agenda. His actions have earned him many enemies, especially Sub-Zero and Scorpion, most notably for his corruption of Sub-Zero's brother Bi-Han, transforming him into the Wraith Noob Saibot, and being responsible for the murder of Scorpion's family and the extinction of the Shirai Ryu. Only Shinnok, Shao Kahn, Shang Tsung and Delia can match Quan Chi's skills as a sorcerer. 
After his mastery of sorcery, Quan Chi is known in the Netherrealm as the most powerful sorcerer ever seen. Despite being a formidable opponent in combat, his skills in sorcery and magic far outweigh his fighting abilities. He is a master of necromancy, as he is able to reanimate the dead into his service and even resurrect the fallen back to life in any manner he deems fit. He is also capable of freely traveling through the realms through portals that he will summon at will. He is also able to link currents of souls to these portals as well. Similar to Shang Tsung, he is able to soul steal and shape shift, however, he is also able to retrieve souls of warriors that have died by other means. Quan Chi is also able  to create false copies of himself to trick his enemies into their own demise. He is also able to oversee the events of other realms by projecting his consciousness, and can also communicate to agents he has deployed in these realms. Other powers of his include conjuration, illusion, and alteration spells that are under his leisure. Quan Chi is also manipulative, as he can effortlessly lead his victim to their own undoing with false promises rather than using his sorcery to destroy them.  He also seems to frequently get his hands on powerful artifacts and mysterious anomalies that can enhance his own powers or even further his own agenda. Some of these artifacts are Shinnok's Amulet, the Living Weapon, Onaga's undead army, the immortal skull placed on Quan Chi's armor in MKX, his Fortress, etc. 

Shinnok
Shinnok is one of the most evil beings in the entire Mortal Kombat universe. A vengeful and powerful fallen Elder God of Death, Shinnok appeared in Mortal Kombat Mythologies: Sub-Zero, Mortal Kombat 4/Mortal Kombat Gold, and Mortal Kombat X as the main antagonist and final boss. He also made an appearance in Mortal Kombat: Armageddon, seemingly leading the side of evil. Unlike Shao Kahn, Shinnok relies less on brute strength and fear-mongering, and more on charisma, dark powers, ancient artifacts, and manipulation. He is the ruler of the Netherrealm, possessing millions of years' worth of knowledge and power. He can impersonate any being of his choosing, as well as transform himself into an immense demon. He possesses extreme cunning and the ability to manipulate events through others. For example, he had Quan Chi convince Shao Kahn to merge Earthrealm with Outworld against the Elder Gods' will, so that both realms would be severely weakened and left vulnerable to invasion by the Netherrealm. Shinnok demands unwavering faith and loyalty from his followers and will not hesitate to kill anyone who so much as doubts, challenges, or even poses a potential threat to him. However, as Shinnok is a former Elder God, it is not possible to actually kill him; he can only be imprisoned within his own amulet or incapacitated.   Shinnok is the son of Kronika, a titan and the original Keeper of Time. His sister, Cetrion, is also an Elder God. In the Story Mode of Mortal Kombat 11, it is revealed that Kronika intended for both of her children to duel forever, thereby maintaining a balance of light and dark throughout the realms, with Shinnok representing darkness and death and Cetrion representing life and light. This design suffocates all of the realms, as it requires them to constantly battle one another for domination. As such, not even Shinnok's banishment posed a threat to her design, nor did his eventual imprisonment within his own amulet or Cetrion's own betrayal of the Elder Gods.  However, Raiden irreversibly thwarted this balance by beheading Shinnok, thereby permanently incapacitating him. This enrages Kronika, and sets in motion a chain of events where Kronika attempts to reset time and start a New Era where Shinnok and Cetrion can duel forever, and Raiden does not exist to thwart them due to his persistent, and unintentional, meddling with the timelines.   Only Shang Tsung, Delia, Shao Kahn and Quan Chi can match Shinnok's skills as a sorcerer. 
Being a fallen Elder God, Shinnok possesses immeasurable powers. The nature of his powers seems to revolve around darkness and the Netherrealm, summoning skeletal hands from the ground to grab and bind his opponents as well as pulverize them. He also possesses Life-Force Manipulation and shape shifting powers comparable to Shang Tsung. Unlike Shang Tsung, he is not required to steal souls in order to perform this feat, instead, he must have to defeat them or for them to serve him (likely he defeated a large demon in an unknown time, so he can take on a larger demonic form as shown in the final level of Mortal Kombat Mythologies: Sub-Zero when his Sacred Amulet was stolen from him). His powers of mimicry and shape shifting are absolute, as he can mimic the abilities and powers of other combatants; the only drawback to this is that the powers he mimics must be in his jurisdiction. He is unable to mimic every power due to the fact that he doesn't have his amulet nor his staff. Despite this, he can still mimic black magic freely, and nullify projectiles although for an unknown reason he cannot copy the powers of Shang Tsung or Quan Chi. With his amulet, Shinnok can freely traverse the realms and open up portals. Related to his mimicking abilities, Shinnok is capable of creating clones or physical illusions via mirage mimicry of other warriors with their powers and abilities intact. His magic abilities also include the ability to manipulate souls via revenants, and or conjure demons and wraiths to do his bidding. He even created a clone of himself to aid Daegon in the Battle of Armageddon. Shinnok has also shown vast energy manipulation without his amulet, such as force fields, eye beams, energy blasts, telekinesis, shockwave blasts, and energy balls, as shown in Shinnok's battle with Bi-Han in MKM: SZ, and his battle with Raiden, Fujin, Kenshi, Johnny Cage, and Sonya Blade in Mortal Kombat X. With his amulet, Shinnok regains all his immense power befitting a fallen Elder God. His amulet contains the ability to erase beings into dust as well as seal multiple people inside it, rendering them dormant until they are released. His amulet can even create forcefields, fire energy blasts that can knock people away, shoot fireballs, open interrealm portals, absorb souls, as demonstrated by Havik, and energy.  He is capable of using telekinesis, shown when he threw Raiden to the ground in their battle for Blaze's power as well as in Mortal Kombat X where he threw Johnny Cage to a wall. Shinnok can even turn into a cloud of dark gaseous substance that renders him impervious to physical attacks. His magical scepter allows him to conjure deadly weapons made out of bone. Shinnok also wields some useful powers that aren't really suited for combat. He can banish someone away to another realm with a gesture, sense dark energies, teleport to another location and levitate through the air. In Mortal Kombat X, when absorbing Earthrealm's life force through his amulet, he turns into a demonic creature with immense power and the ability to manipulate fire and lava, as well as conjuring objects such as stones and bladed pillars. 

Tanya
Tanya is a slender, gloomy woman from Edenia. Originally introduced as an ostensible innocent, she was quickly revealed to be corrupted by evil, a worshiper of Shinnok and an ally to the Brotherhood of Shadow. After Shinnok's defeat, she later served Shao Kahn, the Deadly Alliance, and Onaga. Tanya seems to view herself as a survivor more than anything else, justifying her choices as being the "right decisions". She is one of the few henchwomen from the Mortal Kombat series, and prides herself on her superior knowledge of magic and diplomacy. Because of her frequent betrayal of the Edenian cause, she has earned the rivalry and bitter hatred of Jade. 
Tanya is an adept fighter, relying on her agility and favoring powerful kicks coupled with her pyrokinetic abilities. She shows skill with her tonfas, using them to block her opponents weapons and even unorthodox manners such as rebounding projectiles. Mortal Kombat X also depicts Tanya using a naginata in an equally unusual way, such as a standing pole before following up with an actual attack. MKX also shows that Tanya is able to enhance her fireballs using a dark substance to act as an accelerant to increase its potency. Tanya has also gained a teleport as a of MKX, using it as a means of moving closer towards her opponent or to escape from oncoming attacks. 

Bo' Rai Cho
Bo' Rai Cho is a jovial, obese, drunken master of martial arts. He enjoys drinking alcoholic beverages and is infamous for his "Puke Puddle" move. His primary fighting style is the Drunken Fist, which is said to have been invented by him. Although he is an important part of the series, he did not appear in any games until Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance. Despite being an Outworlder, he opposes Shao Kahn and his imperialistic ambitions of conquest, but is unable to participate in the tournaments himself (as any victory would be counted in favor of Outworld). With this in mind, he has instead opted to train Earthrealm warriors in combat, including Liu Kang, Kung Lao, Kai and Shujinko. He has also trained Li Mei, another Outworlder who is friendly to Earthrealm and opposes Shao Kahn. 
Despite his overweight, poor hygiene, and drunken appearance, Bo' Rai Cho is an extremely skilled combatant. He very often uses his drunken state to his advantage in battle, especially in some of his special moves. He is also able to use his own body with sheer blunt force. Bo' Rai Cho can also manipulate seismic events (such as earthquakes), and control the time of vomiting to be used as a trap in battle. Bo' Rai Cho also has a special ability which can make him ricochet or bounce with his belly. He has shown to be a capable tactician as well. 

Drahmin
Drahmin made his debut in Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance as one of two Oni, demons of the 5th plane of the Netherrealm. He wields an iron club mounted on his right arm, has a sword lodged into his left shoulder and wears a mask, which is an artifact called the Face of Kun-Lo. Wearing it allows him to control his rage and fight with his disciplined Netherrealm style. Removing it causes him to go into Oni style where he loses his focus and attacks with murderous insanity. Drahmin was not always a demon; as centuries ago, he was a cruel human warlord in Outworld. For his crimes, he died and was exiled to the Netherrealm where his body and soul were to be tortured for all eternity. As the years dragged on, he fell further and further into insanity until his humanity was lost altogether. He eventually accepted his fate and submitted to the power of the Netherrealm, re-emerging from the depths of the Netherrealm as Drahmin: the Oni Tormentor. 
His Iron Club, combined with his frequently unrestrained rage, makes Drahmin a deadly opponent. Many of his special moves revolve around his club, which deals heavy damage. Another of Drahmin's distinguishing features is the cloud of Outworld Rotflies that constantly crowd his body, which he can also use as a makeshift projectile. He is often seen with fellow Oni Moloch, and through their combined might, they were able to defeat the ninja spectre Scorpion. 

Frost
Frost made her first appearance in Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance as Sub-Zero's apprentice, fitting the character archetype of the overly ambitious fledgling. Her dedication to fighting and learning is overshadowed by her desire to be noticed, and a corresponding hostility towards anyone she perceives to be greater than her, including her own master. In the second timeline, Sub-Zero made historic peace with his clan's enemy, Scorpion. Frost, shocked at this decision, challenged her Grandmaster, deeming him unfit to lead. Sub-Zero defeated her, however, and banished her. For years, she sought the power to destroy him. Her chance at domination arrived when Kronika enlisted her in order to help her reset the timeline, promising Frost that she would lead the Lin Kuei, not Sub Zero. Frost was heavily cyberized by Kronika, helping Sektor and Cyrax restart the Cyber Initiative in accordance with Kronika’s plan. She was used by Raiden to interface with the other cyborgs, shutting them down and removing the threat they posed to his resistance against Kronika. Most of her personal flaws appear to stem from jealousy and feelings of inadequacy. Although she was ostensibly on the side of good at the time of her introduction, Frost's desire for recognition causes her to betray Sub-Zero (in both timelines) and join the side of darkness.  
While certainly not on par with that of Sub-Zero, Frost's cryokinetic powers are extremely potent. Rather than relying on freezing the opponent directly, she freezes a large area of the ground in front of her, thereby increasing her range and improving her odds of connecting with an enemy. She can also slide into the opponent and knock them down, as well as execute an uppercut by teleporting away from the opponent and reappearing behind them. Finally, her freezing powers allow her to create two small daggers made of pure, concentrated ice that she uses in battle. Overall, while Frost may not be as powerful as her mentor, she makes up for it with her superior speed and strategic potential. After becoming a cyborg in Mortal Kombat 11, Frost receives various cybernetic augmentations and abilities such as internalized freezing weapons similar to her former master's cyber form, as well as the ability to launch her head like a rocket and even detonate it like a bomb, only for her to simply replace it with a new one. 

Hotaru
The name is Japanese for "firefly". This is reflected in his outfit which has the appearance of an insect's exoskeleton. He even has red flags attached to the back of his armor, representing the wings of a firefly. His special attacks evoke a firefly's glow and power of flight. Hotaru is a General from the realm of Seido, the Realm of Order, and devotes himself to preserving law and order at any cost - to the point that he can be considered a fanatical zealot. Hotaru is more of a lawful-type of neutral (equivalent to his opposite pole Havik, who spreads discord and chaos) because he preserves law and order and harshly punishes those who dare break it, but he is not above preserving it to a higher authority (such as the Dragon King Onaga). 
Hotaru has the ability to project lava, as evidenced by his special attacks. He can also use this power as a means of ambushing his opponent, such as in Kenshi's Deception ending, where he used a burst of plasma to temporarily blind Sub-Zero, allowing Hotaru to move in for the kill. Hotaru's Hara-Kiri has him demonstrating a spine rip, similar to the original Sub-Zero's Fatality from the first Mortal Kombat, showcasing his impressive strength. 

Kira
Kira made her debut in Mortal Kombat: Deception as the first of Kabal's recruits for the new Black Dragon. She is an anarchist, has a courageous personality and her background depicts her as having the ability to take great risks. She possesses a rationality and level-headedness that contrasts her fellow recruit, the hot-blooded Kobra. In-game, Kira uses special moves and fighting styles taken directly from Kano and Sonya's appearances in Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance. 
Kira is a skilled kombatant in hand-to-hand kombat and with her Dragon Teeth knives. In MK: Deception, her fighting styles were taken directly from Kano and Sonya, though in Armageddon, her Yuan Yang fighting style had been previously used by Frost instead. Kira also Kano's Kanoball and Sonya's Kiss special moves added to her move list, as well as one special move of her own. 

Shujinko
Shujinko made his debut in Mortal Kombat: Deception as the game's rogue protagonist. He is an adventurer who, as a boy, dreamed of fighting Shang Tsung. He has traveled the realms and learned the kombat skills of many warriors. Without knowledge, Shujinko has done many evil deeds such as: offering Lei Chen to Hotaru, acting like a mercenary of some sort, using Bo' Rai Cho's warrior medallion to gain such credibility to join the Lin Kuei, being deceived by Damashi and challenging the Elder Gods for powers. His old age has made him wise, but at a cost: he bears an immense guilt for releasing Onaga into the realms again, and now that he is discarded by the Dragon King, has vowed to make up for this mistake. A member of the White Lotus Society, he shares traits with the games' Shaolin monk characters, such as his great receptiveness, deliberation and ability to meditate for weeks. Nevertheless, before all other things, he has always been a traveler and a student at heart. 
In his young years, Shujinko was trained by the Outworld martial artist, Bo' Rai Cho, the same one who had trained Liu Kang and Kung Lao, proving he was quite formidable in combat. After his first encounter with Damashi, he is imbued with a supernatural 'gift from the gods'. This gift allows Shujinko to copy the powers of anyone he fights and any super he can see or acknowledge (which can be noted as by mere thoughts or just by reading a book. In Deception's Konquest, he is shown turning into other fighters prior to a match). Thus far, he has absorbed the powers of the likes of Liu Kang, Sindel, the ancestor of Sub-Zero, Scorpion, etc. Due to his otherworldly experiences with other kombatants across the realms, Shujinko would undoubtedly be very powerful at this point. However, his elderly status may have indeed hindered his strength though the times he has been captured were intentional, as he does not seem to believe in violent confrontations in defense of his innocence. 

Captain Marvel
Twelve year old Billy Batson was chosen above all others by the old wizard Shazam to be his champion of justice, Captain Marvel. When Billy speaks the wizard's name, a bolt of magic lightning strikes him, and he becomes the World's Mightiest Mortal. As Captain Marvel, he possesses the wisdom of Solomon, the strength of Hercules, the stamina of Atlas, the power of Zeus, the courage of Achilles, and the speed of Mercury (SHAZAM). Captain Marvel makes his mighty presence felt across the world wherever injustice falls and stands as a strong member of the Justice League when those heroes require any of his skills. 
Billy Batson is granted unbelievable power as Captain Marvel. He becomes faster, stronger and tougher both physically and mentally. Due to his immense level of power and its magical origins, Marvel in many cases can stand toe-to-toe with Superman should the need arise. As a result, he is a physical and magical powerhouse against the forces of evil, tempered greatly by the advanced wisdom and compassion of Billy Batson. Billy derives the following powers from gods and ancient heroes: 

Deathstroke
Imbued with enhanced physical powers by secret military experiments attempting to create an army of metahuman super-soldiers, Deathstroke became a mercenary soon after the experiment when he defied orders and rescued a friend who had been sent on a suicide mission by his commanding officer. He kept his career as a gun-for-hire secret from his family, even though his wife was an expert combat instructor. Slade's wife became enraged at the endangerment of her son in a debacle resulting from his job as an assassin, and tried to kill Slade. She only managed to shoot out his right eye. His confidence in his abilities was such that he made no secret of his impaired vision, as shown by his mask which has a black, featureless half covering his lost eye. Without his mask, Slade wears an eye-patch. Slade is most notoriously known as the enemy of Batman and arch enemy of every incarnation of the Teen Titans. Applying his enhanced skills for anyone that can afford him, Deathstroke has been a thorn in the side of nearly every hero of the DC Universe, and when he acts on his own, has a reputation for always finishing a contract. Even if his clients change their minds. 
Deathstroke possesses various enhanced abilities. These include the strength of ten men and heightened speed, agility, stamina, and reflexes. He has the capacity to use up to 90% of his brain's processing power, making him a tactical genius, adept at turning opponents' own abilities against them. Deathstroke also possesses a healing factor in his blood that enables him to recover from physical injury at a much faster rate than a normal person, though recovering from such injuries renders him insane and animalistic for a short duration. Unlike other healing factors found in comics, though, Deathstroke cannot regenerate missing body parts. Deathstroke is also a highly formidable opponent in physical combat, to the point where he can fight the most highly trained martial artists in the DCU, including Batman, to a deadlock. Deathstroke also has super-reflexes heightened to an unheard of degree, which is how he was able to blast apart Impulse's knee cap with a shotgun and impale the Flash while both were running at super-speed. 

The Joker
Due to his chronic and deep-seated insanity, there is no definitive answer to the Joker's backstory; even the Joker himself claims that he never remembers it the same way twice, and that he doesn't know his own real name. There are, however, a few versions of what could be his origin story.  The most well-known of these portrays the Joker as a chemist with a pregnant wife. After leaving his job at the Ace Chemical Processing Plant, the chemist tries to make money with his dream job: stand-up comedy, though he is unable to make enough money to support his family. Desperate for money, he agrees to help two criminals break into the chemical plant he left, doing so in a disguise, and under the name "Red Hood", though his wife convinces him to back out at the last minute. However, just as he meets with the criminals to refuse the job, the police tell the man that his wife and unborn child, suspected to be a boy, were killed in a fire at their apartment. Hopeless, the man agrees to the job and breaks into the chemical plant with the criminals as the Red Hood. Coming under fire, both of the criminals are killed by gunfire from police officers, leaving the man as the sole survivor.  It's then that Gotham's recently-established nocturnal avenger, the vigilante known as the Batman, descends upon him on one of the chemical plant's catwalks, investigating the situation. Terrified, the man tries to back away, only to lose his footing and fall into a large vat of chemicals before Batman can save him. He washes ashore a while later, his face and eyes burning. Discarding the hood, the man looks at his reflection in a puddle of rain and sees, to his horror, that his skin has turned bleach white, his hair turned emerald green, and his mouth unnaturally stretched into a permanent rictus grin. The man begins crying, then giggling, and suddenly bursts into laughter, driven irredeemably insane by "one bad day" and a horrible disfigurement. From then on, the Joker's brilliantly sadistic and reprehensible actions would plague Gotham City at large for years to come, with his murderous, unpredictable formidability causing him to become Batman's chief adversary in the vigilante's war on crime. 
Although the Joker is a human with no particular enhancements, natural or otherwise, his lack of sanity and rationality have often been a fatal weapon for his victims; he is unencumbered by rational thought and is therefore extraordinarily creative, vindictive and sadistic. This has translated into his many schemes over the years, as well as in his hand-to-hand combat style. Although the Joker prefers to have henchmen do the "dirty work" for him, having a resourceful nemesis like Batman has forced him to be able to fight in single-combat when he is forced to. While he mostly uses weapons that play off his clownish appearance, he also makes use of stabbing weapons and firearms, and always attempts to murder in ways that he finds ironic and humorous. As a result of Dark Kahn's Rage, the Joker has become both stronger and faster than he would normally be otherwise, allowing him to hold his own against and defeat skilled fighters, such as Sonya Blade, Kano, Deathstroke, and Batman. 

Superman
On the doomed planet Krypton, the scientist Jor-El and his wife Lara placed their infant son, Kal-El, in a rocket ship and sent him to the planet Earth in order to spare him the destructive fate of their home planet. Landing in Smallville, Kansas, the baby was found by a kind couple, the Kents, who raised him as their own. Naming him Clark, the child discovered that as he grew older, he had powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. When he reached adulthood, the responsible parenting of the Kents and his own desire to help others made Clark realize that he could be of great service to his adopted homeworld by using his vast powers as a force for good. Arriving in Metropolis, the "City of Tomorrow," Clark sought a job as a reporter for the Daily Planet, a great metropolitan newspaper, so that he could learn of disasters as they happen. Creating a separate identity that he could use to maintain his normal life and still help people, Clark donned a costume made of the indestructible fibers he was wrapped in as an infant, and fashioned it with the crest of his Kryptonian family. From that moment on, Superman has existed to defend the people of Earth by fighting for truth, justice, and the best ideals he was instilled with by his adoptive parents: the American way. 
In all depictions, Superman has always been portrayed as one of the most powerful beings ever to exist. As a Kryptonian, Superman is only as strong as the average human being. However, having basked in the yellow rays of Earth's young sun since his infantile years, Superman is endowed with several superpowers, as well as giving him virtually limitless physical strength. Superman's most prominent powers are flight, super strength, ice breath, highly sensitive super-hearing, and an array of extrasensory vision powers including X-ray, infrared, microscopic, and telescopic, as well as the ability to create highly focused beams of heat from his eyes that is an extremely powerful offensive weapon. Fittingly nicknamed the 'Man of Steel', Superman survived countless hostile encounters. Superman's resistance varies throughout everyone who has handled the name but it remains consistent that he absolutely immune to all firearms known to man, from ballistics to explosives. However, he has been known to take damage from magical attacks as well as energy based attacks. Superman's most well documented weakness is the substance known as Kryptonite, ore fragments spread throughout the galaxy from Krypton's debris after its destruction. It radiates highly concentrated waves of Krypton's red sun radiation that clash with Superman's yellow sun radiation powers, and with enough prolonged exposure to the substance, an encounter with Kryptonite could be fatal to him. In MK vs. DC, Superman is vulnerable to the other fighters due to the intervention of Dark Kahn's magic, and is therefore on a level playing field with the other Kombatants. Had the magical intervention not taken place, it's likely Superman would be largely unaffected by most of the fighters, save for perhaps Darkseid. 

Wonder Woman
Centuries ago, the Amazons, a proud and fierce race of warrior women, led by Queen Hippolyta, battled Ares, the God of War, and his army. During the battle, Hippolyta beheaded her son, Thrax, whom Ares forcibly conceived with her, and then defeated the God of War himself. Zeus prevented her from killing Ares. Instead, Hera bound his powers with magic bracers so that he was deprived of his ability to draw power from the aura of violence and death he could instigate, and only another god could release him. In compensation, the Amazons were granted the island of Themyscira, where they could be eternally youthful and isolated from Man in the course of their duty of holding Ares prisoner for all eternity. Later, Hippolyta was granted a daughter, Princess Diana, whom she shaped from the sand of the sea shore and gave life with her own blood. Over a millennium later, an American fighter pilot, Steve Trevor, is shot down and crash-lands on the island, where he soon runs afoul of the Amazon population. Hippolyta decides he should be returned home. Diana volunteers, but is assigned to guard Ares's cell instead since her mother argues that she has not enough experience in dealing with the dangers of the outside world. Diana defies her mother and, her face hidden by a helmet and her guard duty covered by her bookish but kind-hearted Amazon sister Alexa, wins the right to take Trevor back to his home. Donning the colors of Trevor's home nation as a sign of respect, Diana began to live among the humans of Man's World, and assumed the role of Wonder Woman to fight the great evils that would rise across the world. 
Upon being given life by the gods of Olympus, Diana received multiple powers from a select few of them: 

Cyber Sub-Zero
Cyber Sub-Zero replaced Smoke, as a Cyborg, in the Second Timeline: Smoke was saved by Raiden from the Cyber Lin Kuei, but Sub-Zero was turned into a Cyborg against his will instead. He regained his soul almost right after automation, when he engaged Kabal in kombat, and helped the Earthrealm Warriors. He was later killed by Sindel, with his soul afterwards being one of the many claimed by Quan Chi, who later restored him to his human form after deeming technology unreliable. Unlike the other Cyborgs, Cyber Sub-Zero's blood is blue instead of black; there is no in-game explanation for why that is, but the assumption can be made that it is likely some kind of refrigerant. 
Being descended from a race of Outworld inhabitants known as Cryomancers, Kuai Liang has the innate ability to control ice in many forms. Throughout the span of the series, Sub-Zero's powers have continued to evolve. His deadly ability to freeze comes from the process of him absorbing the air around him and storing it before releasing it as a cold substance or simply lowering the temperature of the surrounding air to create ice constructs. He is naturally used to the cold temperatures of his turf and is able to resist other Cryomancers' freezing abilities as shown in the Mortal Kombat X comic series where Frost fails to freeze Sub-Zero's arms. His ability to freeze is strong enough to turn the body's water content, flesh and bone into brittle ice with just a single tap of his fingers. He has even surpassed his (late) brother Bi-Han's freezing ability, whose ice can reach temperatures up to -500° Fahrenheit which is way below absolute zero. [4] He is one of the few combatants who can manipulate chi, the life energy of a martial artist. By channeling his chi, Sub-Zero can use it to enhance the power behind his physical strikes and make them strong enough to send other combatants flying with each strike he lands on them. The Dragon Medallion has not just increased the power of his freezing ability, but it has also given him another source of chi to channel power from. Sub-Zero is one of the many combatants capable of teleporting by turning his body into ice and reforming his physical form of flesh and blood in another location. He has also been shown to control and influence the cold aspects of the weather, although this aspect of his powers seems to be tied to his emotional state. Aside from flash-freezing opponents, Sub-Zero also has the ability to instantly conjure up an ice statue of himself to act as both a scapegoat and a 'landmine' of sorts as any who touch it instantly flash freeze. He has created many different kinds of ice constructs for offense and defense. Such ice constructs include swords, daggers, hammers, axes, spears, shields, walls, spikes, statues and more. He is one of the characters that are more oriented on defense thanks to his ability to counter attacks by freezing melee attackers who come into contact with him and being able to create several defensive ice constructs that usually freeze on contact such as icy orb traps, ice clones, ice barriers and ice armor.  Ever since he takes possession of the Dragon Medallion, the scope of Sub-Zero's powers and abilities has increased significantly. As a member of the Lin Kuei, Sub-Zero has attained a great degree of skill in many forms of hand-to-hand combat. The Dragon Medallion and his ancestral armor increased and amplified his martial arts and ice-related abilities, as shown in his Deception Arcade ending. Throughout the Mortal Kombat series, Sub-Zero's abilities have grown more powerful; he was capable of killing an entire city's population while amplified by Blood Magik and was able to freeze a large building and shattered it with one punch.  

Freddy Krueger
Freddy Krueger is the main antagonist of A Nightmare on Elm Street and its sequels and the main antagonist of the crossover film Freddy vs. Jason, opposite to Jason Voorhees. A child-murderer turned vengeful, malevolent Dream Demon, Freddy stalks and kills the children of Springwood, Ohio on Elm Street, killing them one by one in their dreams, which in turn kills them in the real world, for their parents role in his demise. Freddy's origins are depicted differently between the original series and rebooted film. The original series depicts Krueger as a child murderer who got off on a technicality. He was then murdered by the children's parents out of revenge and was resurrected in Hell as a Dream Demon. His origins in the rebooted film resemble what his creator Wes Craven wanted Freddy to be, that of a child molester. While his death is still the same in this depiction, he fled town to avoid authorities but is still murdered out of revenge for molesting and harming the protagonists as children. He also targets the children, now as teenagers, blaming them for his death. It is never stated if he had killed anyone prior to his death in the rebooted film, unlike his original counterpart that was a serial child murderer. This version also depicts Krueger as a vengeful ghost in addition to a Dream Demon. Freddy's attire has remained the same in almost all depictions except in Wes Craven's New Nightmare, where he takes on an appearance that Craven originally planned Krueger to have in the original film. His fedora along with his black and red sweater are easily recognizable with the character, but what sticks out most is his Bladed Glove, a leather glove lines with razor-sharp claws. A big difference between him and most slasher villains is his manipulations of his victims dreams as a Dream Demon, blurring the line between what is real and not and whether the protagonists in the films are awake or in Freddy's domain. When killing his victims, Freddy will usually dispatch his victims with his glove but in the Dream Realm he is known to use his powers to kill his victims through shapeshifting or altering reality to his will. Freddy has been consistently portrayed by Robert Englund since his first appearance. In the 2010 remake, Krueger is portrayed by Jackie Earle Haley. In the original series, Freddy always had a rather humorous, yet profane demeanor when it came to killing his victims, usually messing around and fooling them before killing them. In the 2010 remake, the character is portrayed as a more sinister killer, using little to no humor when killing his victims unlike in the original films, giving the character a much more darker portrayal than in previous films. 
Freddy Krueger possesses the power to manipulate and control his victims dreams, giving him absolute control over the Dream World. However due to being pulled from the Dream World and into Earthrealm, he doesn't have access to his full power. Freddy instead relies on his agility, surprising stamina and durability, while maintaining a small portion of his powers that allow him to teleport and use his gloves in various ways in kombat. 

Skarlet
Originally, Skarlet was a character rumored to have been a secret in Mortal Kombat II, though this was speculated to be a coding glitch from Kitana, much like Ermac, who had supposedly been a color glitch from Scorpion. Originally depicted as a pure genetic experiment created by Shao Kahn himself through magic and the combination of the blood from countless dead warriors, Skarlet's backstory is retconned in Mortal Kombat 11, revealing she is of Outworlder decent, a starving wretch on the streets of Outworld who was taken in personally by Shao Kahn himself. While the original genetic experiment trait is retconned, she still remains a genetic experiment in a different way, being empowered greatly by Shao Kahn through sorcery, who later taught Skarlet the ways of Blood Magik, becoming a powerful and deadly kombatant in the process. Due to her affiliation with blood, Skarlet is fascinated by the blood of her enemies, revealing to Shao Kahn that Edenian blood is the most unique to her. However, she refrains from the blood of the Kytinn, which has negative effects on her as compared to the blood of humans, Outworlders and other species. As one of Shao Kahn's adopted daughters, she is a devoted servant of his, doing anything and everything to appease her Emperor, similar to that of Mileena. Kotal Kahn refers to Skarlet as a former Champion of Outworld alongside the likes of Kitana and Baraka. 
Skarlet is a very ferocious opponent in battle. She utilizes a slew of blades during combat, which she can use as both projectiles and melee weapons. Being composed solely of blood, Skarlet can utilize several blood-related techniques such as throwing orb-shaped projectiles composed of blood and can even morph herself into a red-liquid state which she can mold into structures. Unlike Noob Saibot, she utilizes this state for both offensive and evasive maneuvers. Despite having had her legs shattered by Mileena in the Mortal Kombat X comic, she returns in MK11 with restored limbs, suggesting regenerative abilities. Her abilities in particular have also been significantly improved thanks to Blood Magic, now being able to draw blood directly from her opponents out of their orifices as well as forming weapons from said blood as shown by her Fatal Blow and one of her Fatalities as well as forming blood constructs out of thin air and one of her win animations summoning a magic glyph underneath her that causes blood to rise up. While still a vicious opponent, Skarlet's fighting style has changed considerably, trading in her acrobatic techniques for blood constructs. Her assassin tendencies still remain by wielding a single dagger or hiding within a bloodied corpse and lashing out for a surprise attack as a shapeless mass of blood.  

Jason Voorhees
Jason Voorhees was born June 13th, 1946 on a Friday to Pamela and Elias Voorhees. As a young boy, he was neglected by the camp counselors, who engaged in sexual intercourse instead of watching over Jason, resulting in his death by drowning in Camp Crystal Lake. In retaliation, his mother went on a murderous rampage, killing as many counselors as she could over the loss and grief of her son. When Pamela was killed to end her nightmarish onslaught, Jason returned to continue his mother's work and kills anyone who dares step foot in Camp Crystal Lake.   After being mentioned heavily in the original film and briefly appearing at the ending, Jason serves as the main antagonist of the series at that point on, with the exception of the fifth film, A New Beginning, in which Jason appears as a hallucination and is replaced by Roy Burns, a quiet paramedic who goes on a vengeful, murderous rampage similar to Jason's mother in the original film over the death of his son, all while disguised as Jason. In the crossover film Freddy vs. Jason, Jason serves as the secondary antagonist to the main antagonist Freddy Krueger, who manipulates Jason into helping Freddy return to kill again, only to come into conflict with the Dream Demon later on in the film.   Jason's most iconic feature is his hockey mask, an icon in pop culture. He first obtains the mask in the third film and it remains a key feature for the remainder of his appearances, though the appearance of the mask itself has been very inconsistent. Born with facial deformities and possible retardation, his appearance stays consistent as an older man with these deformities but later gains a zombie-like appearance after accidentally being resurrected by Tommy Jarvis in the sixth film, Jason Lives. He returns to his more human-like appearance in the 2009 reboot. Despite the differences in appearances, his immortality is always present regardless of depictions, being shot, stabbed, having drowned and even blown up, all resulting in Jason returning to kill again. The tenth film, Jason X, reveals that Jason has a regenerative healing factor, however this concept is never mentioned in any other film nor is it ever used again.   Jason's preferred weapon of choice is his machete, the same weapon his beloved mother used to enact her revenge on the camp counselors. Despite this, Jason is known to use just about anything within reach to kill his victims, even using just his bare hands with gruesome effect. His superhuman strength coupled with his undead nature make him a relentless, brutal killing machine.   Jason battled Freddy in their crossover film, however the battle ended in a stalemate, with Jason emerging from Camp Crystal Lake with Freddy's disembodied head, however Freddy winked at the camera, suggesting he is still alive. He has also battled Freddy in the comics along with Michael Myers from the Halloween franchise, Ash Williams from the Evil Dead franchise, and Leatherface from the The Texas Chainsaw Massacre franchise. Jason has never encountered any of these characters in cinema with the exception of Freddy, while this is the first instance of encountering Leatherface since their crossover comic series. 
Jason is an undead, ruthless killing machine and possesses immense strength. His undead nature renders him completely implacable and nearly unstoppable, being virtually immortal. Even more so, his brute strength allows him to toss his opponents effortlessly and deliver powerful blows with his fists and machete. Despite the supernatural nature of it, Jason's machete returns to him when he throws or loses it and he is able to summon it whenever he chooses, however this is simply a gameplay mechanic. 

Leatherface
Leatherface is the primary antagonist of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre horror film series in both the original and reboot/reimagined films. The character was inspired by real life murderer and body snatcher Ed Gein who would fashion trophies and keepsakes out of human flesh and bones. Leatherface's name originates from his use of masks made from the skins of his and his family’s victims. While the reasoning behind this was unknown in the original films, in the reimagined films, the reasoning is due to facial deformities he experienced at a young age, therefore prompting him to make the masks. Later in the eighth film, Leatherface, which is set in the canonical continuity, this is due to sustaining injuries to his face by a corrupt police officer. Leatherface's birth name and origins have fluctuated over the course of series. In the original series, his name is Bubba Sawyer, his parents being Anne Sawyer and his grandfather, who would frequently rape his mother, spawning his many siblings, including his eldest brother Drayton. In the canonical series, he is again born into an incestuous and murderous family, named Jedidiah Sawyer, with his mother being Verna Sawyer and his father being Drayton, this time changing him to his uncle. The incest idea was abandoned in the rebooted films, and instead has Leatherface being adopted by a murderous family instead. His name in this continuity is Thomas Brown Hewitt, with his backstory being completely changed. The cannibalism concept is still present in this continuity. In almost every depiction, Leatherface uses a chainsaw and mallet to dispatch his victims with great effect, dismembering or bludgeoning his victims before they can get away. In the canonical series, his choice of using a chainsaw was because of his mother Verna and a mallet simply because of being a butcher for the family. The rebooted series shows his choice of the chainsaw being out of revenge of the slaughterhouse owner that left him for dead after his biological mother died giving birth to him, using it after killing the owner. His use of the mallet comes from working at the same slaughterhouse his mother died in. Leatherface has also been featured in comic books. These feature a continuity of the 2003 films and even crossovers with other fellow horror icons such as Jason Voorhees and Freddy Krueger. Leatherface's crossover with Jason was their first encounter before their encounter in Mortal Kombat X but they have not yet encountered each other in the realm of film.   
Although Leatherface possesses no superhuman powers or abilities, he does seem to have incredible strength, being able to effortlessly swing and toss a chainsaw around with the littlest of ease. Due to being a butcher, he also utilizes a mallet, able to stun and bludgeon his opponents with little to no effort. Despite the supernatural nature of it, Leatherface's chainsaw returns to him when he throws or loses it, however this is simply a gameplay mechanic. 

Tremor
A brown palette-swapped ninja who is one of Kano's Black Dragon cohorts and possesses the ability of geokinesis, he escaped from Special Forces custody during a prison break orchestrated by Kano, to whom he was blindly loyal. Kano assigned him as his lookout and guardian of a portal leading to Outworld, but Tremor was eventually defeated by Jax. Tremor was originally planned to be a playable in Mortal Kombat Trilogy, but was replaced with Rain. He made his official debut as a non-playable character in Mortal Kombat: Special Forces where he is killed by Jax.  He was a "Challenge Mode"-exclusive character in the PlayStation Vita port of the (2011) reboot, and made his official playable debut as a downloadable character in Mortal Kombat X. In the Mortal Kombat X Comic Series, Tremor now wears an altered outfit and works alongside Kano more closely than in Special Forces, being a key figure in a battle with the Shokan and Kintaro, being able to take out an army of Shokan and Oni by himself. He is later captured by the Special Forces after being shot by Sonya and is later abandoned by Kano. In his early depictions, Tremor is able to cause eruptions in the Earth and cast fireballs at his opponents, but his abilities later expand in his depictions in both Mortal Kombat X and its tie-in comic series. Tremor is now depicted as an Earth Elemental, being able to manipulate not only rocks but golds, metals, magma, lava and crystals, all to deadly effects. 
Debuting as a brown palette-swap ninja with immense strength, Tremor's power came from his superhuman strength, allowing him to shake the Earth and damage his opponents. Additionally, he was able to summon fireball projectiles at his opponent. Starting in the Mortal Kombat X Comics and later in Mortal Kombat X, Tremor's power and abilities are greatly expanded on, depicting the Black Dragon enforcer as an Earth Elemental. While retaining his original abilities and traits of disrupting the Earth beneath him and others, Tremor's powers now affect other elements of the Earth. Not only is he able to summon rocks or enhance himself with rock formations on his body, Tremor has full control over other minerals such as golds, crystals, and magma, even to the point that Tremor is unaffected by the molten rock when it makes contact with his body. Tremor's control over these minerals is so deadly that he can even turn his opponents to stone, crystallize their body, turn them into gold or burn them to a crisp with magma. In addition to his expanded abilities, Tremor's body is now coated in rock. His chest and arms are completely covered in stone, to the point that the formations have become is actual skin. Additionally, Tremor can use the formations just as he does with the Earth itself, forming rock from his bare hands and even changing them into weapons for him to use. With his manipulation of other minerals of the Earth, Tremor's rock skin can also change to gold, crystal and even magma, with the formations of molten rock causing no harm to his being. He is able to alter how his rock skin works, allowing him to change his fighting style to fight anyone that steps up to challenge Tremor.  

Triborg
Before the Lin Kuei Grandmaster's death, he had all members of the clan participate in tests, and unbeknownst to them, they were all secretly recorded and had their data stored in an undisclosed location. After Sub-Zero had killed Sektor and single-handedly defeated the Lin Kuei, the Special Forces located the secret data storage and attempted to process it into a test body at an SF lab. During this process, the consciousnesses of Sektor, Cyrax, Smoke and even Cyber Sub-Zero merged together. This consciousness, giving itself the title of Triborg, killed every Special Forces member at the lab and escaped. "He" has made it his ultimate mission to seek and destroy all organic life, as well as re-establish the Cyber Lin Kuei under his rule. Furthermore, Triborg is a very advanced model of the Lin Kuei's Cyber Initiative, being far more successful than Sektor due to him having the data of many Lin Kuei assassins in his databanks, thus making him a very dangerous opponent. His signature trait is that he is capable of perfectly replicating the fighting styles, arsenal and abilities of four previous members of the Lin Kuei: Sektor, Cyrax, Smoke, and Sub-Zero. Triborg was the last of the original Cyber Lin Kuei after its destruction by Sub-Zero. The Cyber Lin Kuei would be restored in Mortal Kombat 11 by the Keeper of Time Kronika, however Triborg is never seen, with his whereabouts being completely unknown. 
Triborg, in terms of physical mass and strength, is similar to that of Sektor and Cyrax, due to being a Lin Kuei cyborg. He is extremely powerful, and quick, as he can punch an opponent multiple times within the span of two seconds.  He is special version of the Cyber Lin Kuei, as he is able to switch between the bodies of Sektor, Cyrax, Smoke, and Cyber Sub-Zero. With Sektor's body, he gains his missiles, flamethrower, and teleporting abilities. With Cyrax, he has his bombs, net, and buzzsaw. With Smoke, he gains his Spear, Smoke Bombs, and teleporting abilities. Lastly, with Cyber Sub-Zero, he gains ice-themed cybernetic weapons and some of Sub-Zero's iconic moves. Additionally, he can call upon  

RoboCop
RoboCop, formerly Alex Murphy, is a police officer in a dystopian future Detroit who is transferred to the Metro West Precinct as part of OCP's drive to restructure the police department. As Alex was brutally murdered by a gang led by serial killer Clarence Boddicker, he is resurrected by an OCP executive Bob Morton as RoboCop, OCP Crime Prevention Unit 001.  RoboCop at first followed the three directives given to him:1. "Serve the public trust"2. "Protect the innocent"3. "Uphold the law" A fourth directive which RoboCop was programmed to be unaware of unless it became relevant, until RoboCop discovers that Clarence Boddicker, the man who killed Murphy when he was a human, was in league with OCP Senior President Dick Jones and attempted to arrest him. This prevented him from arresting any senior OCP employee: "Any attempt to arrest a senior employee of OCP results in shutdown.", the only exception being any employee acting against the interests of OCP as a whole, as demonstrated when Dick Jones was fired by his superior. While it did not actually shut RoboCop down, it did inflict severe pain and stun RoboCop. Jones stated that Directive 4 was his contribution to RoboCop's psychological profile, in order to protect himself from being arrested for his crimes, but it backfired on him when he held the "Old Man" hostage and was fired by him, allowing RoboCop to kill Jones. Eventually in the second RoboCop movie, RoboCop was given over-three hundred directives by Dr. Juliette Faxx which changes his behavior in certain situations until RoboCop electrocuted himself to get rid of every single directive. In the 2014 RoboCop movie, RoboCop was instead named RC-2000, and instead of the original trilogy having Alex Murphy's memories erased to be RoboCop, his memories was still intact. However, that does not mean that he is free from the influence of OCP. Dr. Bennett Norton, the head scientist of the RoboCop project, can shut RoboCop down anytime he orders it. Peter Weller played RoboCop in the first two films of the original trilogy. In the third film, he was portrayed by Robert John Burke. In the television series, as well as its successor, he was portrayed by Richard Eden and Page Fletcher respectively. In the 2014 remake, he was portrayed by Joel Kinnaman. 
As a human, Alex was known to be an exceptional officer, proficient with firearms and self-defense, and was most known for his ability to bust drug schemes.  Upon being revived as a cyborg, Alex was outfitted with state-of-the-art experimental technology. His new body grants him enhanced strength as well as rendering him bulletproof, making him essentially invincible against conventional firearms. His optics were also enhanced greatly, now able to zoom in and enhance images or even perfectly calculate bullet trajectory, allowing him to hit and kill a target without harming any hostages. He was also outfitted with the ability to record and store data from hard drives with a spike in his wrist, which was sharp enough to be used as a makeshift close-range weapon. While RoboCop is able to expertly wield any firearm with little effort, he is rarely seen without his signature Auto-9, an exceptionally powerful handgun with a three-bullet rapid fire burst, holstered within his left thigh. He is also outfitted with a weapon assembly, called a Gunarm, that replaces his left hand when in use; this assembly contains a 9mm machine gun, a flamethrower and a small arm mounted missile launcher. His presentation in game affords him duel set shoulder mounted shaped charge and rocket tube dispensers. RoboCop is also equipped with a jetpack to enhance his somewhat-average mobility, though it can also double up as a recharging unit should RoboCop run low on battery. In Mortal Kombat 11, he is also outfitted with a riot shield, razor stilettos in the feet and grenades, as well as the Cobra Assault Cannon from the first movie. Despite all of RoboCop's technological advances, he requires by regular maintenance and tune-ups from time to time. On top of that, his organic systems needed to be monitored as well; therefore, the scientists working on him, such as Dr. Lazarus, would have to monitor both systems during his rest periods. RoboCop is also held back by a slew of physical drawbacks. Much like a Terminator, he can be reprogrammed; this means that, should RoboCop fall into the wrong hands, he could be programmed to be incompetent, corrupt officer, or a dangerous threat to society. As he is still partially human, he requires sustenance, regularly needing to be fed baby formula due to his inability to efficiently digest food. The sheer amount of experimental machinery RoboCop carries makes his movement slow and awkward, as opposed to quick and natural human movement.  In addition, while he was inherently programmed with three directives, Serve the Public Trust, Protect the Innocent, and Uphold the Law, shady deals led to a fourth, classified directive being programmed. This directive prevents him from directly harming or acting against any OCP staff member; doing so will result in a force shutdown or incapacitation, though RoboCop has been shown to be able to move in this state. Should an OCP member be fired, with or without due process, RoboCop then has free rein to act against the fired member, as shown in the final scene of the original RoboCop during the death of Dick Jones. This directive, however, has since been removed. 

Spawn
Born Albert Francis Simmons in Detroit, Michigan, Al was the second oldest of three children under his parents, Bernard and Esther Simmons, his father being a salesmen and his mother a devil worshipper. Through intellect and outstanding physicality, Al rose in the rankings of the United States Marine Corps, earning the ranking of Lieutenant Colonel before becoming a decorated member of the Secret Service, later the CIA in a group called the US Security Group under the supervision of Jason Wynn, becoming a lethal and deadly assassin. After growing tiresome of Al's growing morality, Wynn orders Al's partner, Bruce Stinson, known as Chapel to kill him on his last mission, burning him alive, and Al's soul is sent to Hell for his life as an assassin. Wanting to return home and see his wife Wanda again, Al makes a deal with the demon Malebolgia, ruler of the 8th Circle of Hell. Malebolgia grants Al his request, however Al becomes one of the demon's newest Hellspawns, reborn as Spawn, and unbeknownst to him, has part of his memory erased by the demon. Returning to Earth now horribly disfigured and under the supervision of one of Malebolgia's main officers, Violator, Spawn is tricked into using his new powers to strengthen Hell's armies before remembering his deal and wife, before discovering his widow has remarried and is in a relationship with his former best friend Terry Fitzgerald and has a daughter named Cyan. Upon discovering this news and the revelations of his powers, Spawn refuses to return to Hell again, fighting crimes on the streets of New York City before eventually coming into conflict with his former master Malebogia, Violator and the forces of Heaven and Hell, eventually battling the likes of both God and Satan themselves. 
In life, Spawn was an exceptionally skilled soldier, practiced in many fields of combat from CQC to weapons, particularly favoring machine guns. Despite having lost his memories, he still retains his combat skills and prowess. Spawn's costume is in fact a symbiotic lifeform called Leetha, bestowed upon his being by his former master Malebolgia, bonding to his body that grants him a myriad of powers including enhanced strength and endurance as well as the ability to quickly regenerate from wounds, use magic or shapeshift. What the suit is ultimately capable of is limited by the imagination of its user. He primarily uses the suit to craft bladed chains that he can manipulate to ensnare and slash his enemies from a distance. His flowing cape moves as if a lifeform unto itself and can morph to block attacks or enable him to fly and glide in the air. The suit can also protect him even if he isn't aware of an immediate danger or is unconscious. These powers however consume Necroplasm, which has replaced his human blood and should he exhaust it, he will descend back into Hell. Being a Hellspawn, Spawn is also capable of summoning Hellfire and other otherworldly abilities. Spawn's skills from his previous life coupled with his new abilities make him a deadly kombatant, one Malebolgia had completely underestimated. 

The Terminator
The Terminator, or the T-800 model in particular, is a recurring, central character in its origin franchise. While a majority of the films feature a T-800, they are never the same version of the character despite exhibiting the same mannerisms and being portrayed by Arnold Schwarzenegger. In the original film, designed to be a science-fiction action horror film, the Terminator serves as the main antagonist, sent from the future to terminate Sarah Connor, whose son, John Connor, would lead the human Resistance in the future during a war with the machines controlled by the artificial intelligence known as Skynet. After the first film, the T-800 became a central protagonist to the series with the exception of a cameo appearance in Terminator Salvation, usually if not always serving as a protector to the film's protagonists after the first film. A different, slightly upgraded variant of the T-800 appears in Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines, this model being a T-850, which, despite appearing and acting like a T-800, has upgraded features that make it a superior model to its T-800 counterpart. This model again appears as a central protagonist protecting an older John Conner and his future wife Kate Brewster. In two separate films, Terminator Genisys and Terminator: Dark Fate, respectively, two separate aging T-800s serve as central and supporting characters, both appearing in altered timelines, one protecting Sarah Connor instead of John, and one that had completed its mission in killing John but later helps the protagonists in the film. Being a cybernetic organism, the Terminator is designed for infiltration and assassination missions and stops at nothing until its mission is complete. A complexed machine, it has detailed files on weapons, vehicles, people and human anatomy, making it a deadly killing machine. Its body is made up entirely of an endoskeleton that is resistant to small arms fire. The tissue over its endoskeleton, however, functions like real human tissue. The Terminator can live for 120 years and the hair and tissue follicles over its endoskeleton can age and die off as well. This tissue and hair can grow back if damaged, however it does take time for it to do so. The Terminator is also capable of learning from humans to allow it to act more human than machine, as demonstrated in Terminator 2: Judgment Day. This concept is further expanded upon with Carl in Terminator: Dark Fate, in which after succeeding in his mission to kill John Connor, the Terminator, calling itself Carl, learned to adapt and live with humans due to no longer having a mission, eventually moving to Texas and starting a family before joining the film's protagonists in stopping the Rev-9. Despite the T-800 being the most common and well-known Terminator, there are other Terminators in the series that are far superior to the Model 101 based on their design and enhanced abilities. The T-800 itself is usually, if not always played by Arnold Schwarzenegger. In later films, stand-ins using Arnold's likeness through CGI have portrayed the character while Arnold usually played an aging or older version of an already active T-800 due to the longevity of his appearances in the franchise. 
Being a cybernetic killing machine whose only purpose is to terminate its targets, the Terminator utilizes inhumane strength and extensive knowledge of weapons and firearms to complete its objectives. Because of his strength, coupled with being a cyborg capable of shrugging off minor wounds, small arms fire and "cosmetic damage," The Terminator is capable of throwing his opponents and striking them with minimal effort.  While all Terminators are capable of utilizing a wide range of weaponry, the T-800, being an infiltration unit, has additional knowledge covering firearms of the past alongside his pre-existing information regarding weapons from the future. In MK11 and many of his other appearances, the Terminator's main weapon of choice is a sawed-off lever-action shotgun, a weapon that he is able to control extremely effectively due to the gun's lighter frame, which offers increased handling over heavier firearms, and its faster fire rate combined with his already keen-eyed accuracy. He also carries multiple ion grenades and a secondary submachine gun. The Terminator is also equipped with a portable Time Displacement Equipment that he uses to teleport through time and space. For reasons unknown, he has the ability to summon flames around him as shown in his Endoskeleton special move, Victory Pose and Tower Ending. 

